Speaker 1  0:00  
Output is relatively little, and that has structural issues, which I think it's getting better

Unknown Speaker  0:07  
when you said the output is little. So if I

Speaker 1  0:09  
mean, if you look at what we produce, I mean, in CPQ, the first half of the year, there was not much coming out except bug fixes and this onesie twosies for that one or other customer, that's still the same, nothing I can really talk about now, we at least started to have, you know, with dynamic pricing these, but these are the type of things that change the narrative as well, right? Because you start chipping away at it. Okay? You tell them the grand vision. They get excited about it, but they are not allowed to sell that, right? They can talk to their prospect about it, but this is nothing for selling, yeah, and they understand that, you know. But once you start delivering these type of things, you know, the little thing every quarter something, you get that credibility. And actually, you get all these people pie because, like you said, they want to go to Carbo, they sell whatever we think is the best and hardest shoes that they

Speaker 2  1:01  
can sell, and they're very simple to move. The only problem in the back of my mind is that Kyle and me have got their teeth into this, and so they want, they want this at sko right, which is the problem that you're articulating. So what I'm trying to do is, I'm trying to frame what the reality of what we sold was, right?

Speaker 1  1:20  
But see, this is the other problem in this company. We're always late with shit. Yeah, we never bought it. So they go out and they believe they cannot sell unless they sell future stuff and wow the customer, their prospect of it. And that's what causes here, all this problem. So we have the guys, they sell trivia and hey, we're gonna build this, and we're gonna build this because we don't get the deal. And then that's just that disrupts. And then they, they, they are behind it. Say, key light, right in Germany, they're trying to sell against killer. What I'm gonna do? They kick my butt, yeah, right. So they start telling stories about the future and how great

Speaker 2  1:59  
it's exactly how it works. And that's, that's, that's what we sold to, that's what was sold to News Corp.

Speaker 3  2:05  
And just like, I'll let it, I'll let this rest. But like, go ask DJ what he thinks of me. I guarantee you like, off the record. I guarantee you he'll be like, he sold me a bunch of he does, he doesn't deliver. And, you know, I sat down with Robbie, you've seen our decks, and I'm saying we painted a beautiful vision. They bought in hook, line and sinker, and then all we delivered was step one. And all I'm trying to do is protect our team from selling a big vision, instead of, like, meeting with sales and saying your problem today, and I'm being really tactical, right? We want to enable you, Zora, to be the best at package price promote, because that's something we can do. Instead of selling the big vision, which we're not going to be there, we excite them, and they're like, You know what? Jonathan knows how to deliver. Then in six months, we say, hey, look, we've got this master orchestration layer where the only people, they're like, oh, Jonathan knows how to deliver. Well, that's what I'm trying to temper here.

Speaker 2  3:12  
You're you're telling this, you're telling, back to me the story that I will tell to the sales team. So when I talk about engaging the sales Yeah, this is what I'm trying to get the point across is that there is a vision, and then there's a delivery of that vision. The vision is the easy bit, yeah, pulling that deck together. We can do that all day long. I mean, it's remarkable to me that acquisition, the cash, is as big a thing as I mean, I I find that really interesting about Zora, but the Empress for these packaged concepts, right? So that's fine, yeah, so let's do the nuts and bolts. Sure, let's just do the notes.

Speaker 3  3:48  
But my point is, we built a story that we can't deliver. Okay, yes, that's what we hate

Unknown Speaker  3:53  
to do, by the way. On this,

Speaker 4  3:57  
I don't want to pick on anyone but Shakir himself. On anyone but,

Speaker 3  4:05  
yeah, but you brought Shakir story that we don't have a path to delivery now this is our new narrative, and to actually deliver on it is now creating it. We're already on our hind leg.

Speaker 4  4:20  
No Shakir is Shakir himself has been through this ringer. He used to present roadmap. People used to hold him against it, and then he would be like engineering wasn't delivered. But this is same thing here. What you say is, this is an intent, and I'm sure you said this, but what sales get out of it? And he's right, actually, on this arrow is right that sales doesn't see it as an intent. Sales sees it as

Speaker 2  4:43  
like, when, when, when. Well, you know what? I never put a date on anything in that, in that deck. I didn't, I just said that's the strategy. No, it's what. Let's work out. That's fine.

Speaker 3  4:57  
I'm just reacting to like, I think we should be very tactical in our messaging that but somebody can deliver on what we say we're going to do.

Speaker 2  5:05  
Well, in order to do that, we need to this is, this is why I said, I've said this many times, that's the bottom of the bun. I care about the bit in the middle and the story

Speaker 1  5:18  
the middle part, the most important, the middle part, but the middle, the

Speaker 2  5:24  
middle bit, it's got two components to it. It's your your road maps, which have to be insulated and have to be delivered in order for the field to say we're actually delivering some product. And then there's this other bit, which is this intersection there. So I don't care. I mean, I don't know if I said but whether it's cheese and lettuce or I don't mind what the middle bit is, if it's not wrapped, if it's not that, if there's not a story and a foundation,

Speaker 1  5:49  
no, I mean, I think I agree with you that there has to be this vision that's out there to get people excited. And I mean, I know that. Errol, you told us now that you how you failed in making clear that this comes in little pieces, but I don't know what happened really. Yeah. Well, the other obvious that it can't come in

Speaker 3  6:11  
organisational situation, hopefully we'll be able to mitigate but it was also

Speaker 4  6:17  
you guys are very much like sophisticated and like you're not going all the way to complete the sentence, and here I'm just dumping the sentence, and I'm observing that. Well, I'll tell you what. Let me tell you organisational situation. I know what he means by that, but yes, it's organised.

Speaker 2  6:32  
But there's a thing here the way we enable, for example, we enable in a fragmented way. We don't enable into a story. We enable a thing, right? And it's an isolated thing.

Speaker 1  6:42  
But see, this is the order problem with if you have billing, and you do complex billing, you go into ones twos is of the billing, that's how you win. Yeah, this company doesn't sell a vision. Yeah, the vision of end to end. We are the ones that have all your needs covered, from acquisition to cash that's new to them, but they get excited about it. Okay, let's see

Speaker 4  7:06  
no Well, let's they have been getting excited about it. I did once earlier, once. Now we are here again. They do get excited about it, until someone comes along, and it could be Tina as well, because teen told me on my face once when I was doing it. Yeah, I'm not sure that is our game.

Speaker 2  7:26  
Please tell me five different things across five different means I don't listen exactly that happens every two weeks. I want us to go in that direction. The part, part of the game is also on these trade offs. There's tactical, there's strategic stuff here, which is, like I said, if you, if you make the vision something that the business wants and actually gets behind, then when you trade off for a Twilio, it's the vision you're disrupting. It's not the individual parts of the product roadmap. So anyway, okay, so off, meaning, let's go inside. They're aligned.

Speaker 1  7:57  
Yeah, we're aligned. So I have, of course, also my rice stuff here, you know, like, but I think it's very noisy. If I go through this, what I also have is a reduced set of slides or capabilities that really matter, right? I think that's a little bit better

Speaker 3  8:15  
to use, yeah, like, if you have your big bats, yeah, exactly. I've seen you present this somewhere.

Speaker 4  8:22  
I the only one who was excited by seeing that place, because I'm

Speaker 3  8:25  
excited too, and I want I have, we all have that. Let's mash it

Unknown Speaker  8:29  
together. Yeah, exactly, yeah.

Speaker 3  8:32  
Just hit it up. So no, you're not the only one who gets excited.

Speaker 1  8:39  
Okay, so these are my big bets for 26 right? So I have the Configure product is huge. I need to any get that out in q2 there is no, there's a live or die for me, right? Because I have commitments to black line. I mean verbal commitments. I know we change the commitment way, but this is so important. I'm this is my single focus for the next three weeks. You know, I have to really get that done. Why this is just, what did you say? Three weeks to get my stuff documented and conveyed to you. I had meetings on it and conveyed because I have an end user experience I can show us. And look, this is the ready made cake. Look at it how it works. That's how I want it to work. I showed it to black line, to unity, to Frontify, to brand. They all say, yep, that's what we want. So good. So something like that needs to come. This goes with that. We are working on this right now, but at the end of the day, this is intricately linked together because a hard bundle is just nothing else than one form of a configured product. If you configure a product in one way, that's equal to be a hard bundle, in my opinion.

Speaker 3  9:52  
And just to sorry to interrupt, but the vehicle for hard bundle delivery becomes the structure as well for the elements of configurable bundle.

Speaker 1  10:04  
That's the sausage now, right? How do we make this happen? Right? That, that is, I'm just saying, we already did something. We're going to leverage for this. Yeah, we

Speaker 2  10:13  
lay the foundation is, sorry, and just, and again, these, some these, some of these questions might be naive. There is a dependency, or no dependency,

Speaker 1  10:22  
on catalogue for this, it's half catalogue. Maybe it's like 70% catalogue, 30% UI, experience that I'm

Speaker 2  10:30  
have, and so and so that's not so that's not a surprise. This is all this, and is the

Speaker 3  10:38  
other rules discussion that I've escalated, that we're going to work through, right? So then we're, we are all aligned on this decision board for that process, right?

Speaker 1  10:49  
But there's still a lot of work, in my opinion, to be sorted out between arrow and me, because I need to arrow thinking is sometimes very flexible and general, and I'm more, probably more focused on the use case, right? I know I have a problem. I have to solve this one thing. So we have to come to an agreement. What is, you know, what's the rule engine? Does it really need to be the best rule engine in the world? It can solve world hunger, or can it be more something specific? So all of this, I usually, as a product manager, never really worry too much about it, because I work with engineers and architects, they make this type of decisions. I tell them what I need. I gave actually, that's what I did with Tony, you know, who is now in the catalogue group. I said, Tony and Leo. This is the use case. I gave them my spreadsheets where I have samples with rules and what have you. And said, This is what, how I wanted to behave. And they solved it. Okay, they use something, right? But at the end, there needs to be a maybe enough decision of, hey, that rule engine. We want to use it on many different ways, like what earlier said, also a rule engine needed for other purposes. Well, I need a rule engine in quoting as well for making sure the quote is consistent, like, I can't downgrade an amendment, for example, and things like that. People want to administer that right. Rules Engine is a is a core piece to

Speaker 2  12:10  
the whole having called it out so, and we called it out in a in a more detailed way. So that's

Speaker 1  12:15  
definitely right. The second piece that Tony was doing, which I never asked him to, but once I showed it, yeah, once he showed it to me, is that this is fantastic, you know, this is like dynamic categorization. What does it mean is, normally, you have a static categorization. You have products, you put them in categories, and you post it on your website, and like customers go from category to category to kind of found my product or they mostly now they search, but that was the traditional way. Categorization also is needed to find stuff when you're an admin, right? How do I find my product? Well, I travel down a category. How do I find my attributes? I have them categorised. How do I find anything? Customers, anything, any object, they have a lot of it. You need to put some organisation on top of it. You can do it very loosely by just assigning attributes or quantifiers or whatever, like labels properties. You can name it what you want, and you search by that and but categories are great. So what Tony did? He basically had a mechanism where he automatically looks into what are, what are the labels of the products, and he categorises based on that he is.

Speaker 3  13:25  
So this was a we wrote this requirement a year and a half ago, as in order to get away from in order to get to a single catalogue and eliminate industry, country and other catalogue variants, you basically utilise dynamic categorization and presentation utilising Elastic Search. So this is how the cattle the reason I did this is, this is the next generation of commerce, right? This is how the entire industry works. Give me a flat list, and then, based on you put a meta tag on a product by, say, country industry use case, and then you have an empty taxonomy that calls Elasticsearch index to populate how this catalogue is built.

Speaker 1  14:09  
So, so it's basically a fancy way, kind of, I'm looking at pair damage. I'm not like huge in technology, but I'm saying this is really fancy. It has potentials to do a lot of great stuff, you know, like, for example, I want to present somewhere new arrivals of my products in the old world, I had to make sure that there's an administrator who put the new arrival products in the category new arrivals, with Tony thing he can just look at, when was the product created, or It's basically the date is a parameter can analyse and with a rule that says, Everything that's not older than three months is a new arrival, and it automatically appears in that category, which is, of course, way more flexible now the admin doesn't have to deal with it. It automatically happens. It's great. It's a fancy thing in you

Speaker 4  14:59  
know, familiar going with that. But do you think we wanted or not? Because the reason we did it is simply because, in my head, that categorization was important for leading into the C, which is configurator, because without that, the configuration, dynamic configuration won't work. That's why we did it.

Speaker 1  15:14  
That's not true. That's not true because people have did not have that in the past, and they could also configure so it's not necessary, but it's

Unknown Speaker  15:26  
better. That's, that's exactly the case.

Unknown Speaker  15:29  
So that's better, but it's not necessary. Let's, let's, let's.

Unknown Speaker  15:32  
Are we selling necessary or better? Though? Yeah, it's

Speaker 3  15:36  
necessary, like so let me put let me just tell you how dysfunctional we are. Okay, almost, Tom sorry. Is this gonna take? This is gonna take one minute. Okay? I wrote the requirements a year and a half ago on this right? This is how e commerce works in the future. This is the new paradigm that's emerging. I submitted the requirements now. I've had the requirements. They got handed over to Tony. They go to 10x in a complete silo. They go and they build something and say, this is for CPQ. And then Tony comes back to me and says, Do you want to use my new service, dynamic categorization, so, like it's in

Speaker 4  16:16  
our roadmap, Tony should not have come to you. That is Tony, no, no.

Speaker 3  16:20  
But the whole thing that, the fact that the 10x team took my requirements and then came back to me and said, Do you want to use our service? And this is for CPQ, like, come on, that was like, That is a breakdown that we as an org need to address.

Speaker 4  16:36  
The reason that breakdown happens, everybody over here ends up feeling that I own this piece. Okay, I was the person who was driving that. Now I knew that both sides have a use, and that was a POC. I had zero idea that Tony is like, shopping around and doing that. Tony should have come to me, because then I could have controlled the message and controlled how the integration would work, and you guys will be like, Yeah, okay,

Speaker 3  17:02  
sorry, but before we wrote a line of code, why didn't you get Manfred myself and Shakir to say, prioritised and important old?

Speaker 2  17:11  
Manfred is right. It is old. It is old, right? The other thing is, is that 10x has has evolved into something completely different. In this business, race to 50 has delivered one set of things partially. So I'm so, I don't really, I agree with you. I think these organisational things don't make any difference. I mean, I hear the outcome, but we just have to. I think part of my job is to control that dysfunction, because it I don't understand it. Honestly, I've never worked in an organisation that has so much dysfunction, even when I've been acquired three times. I went into two companies and knew exactly what the fuck they were, sorry, Ronnie, what they were doing. I've never come into an organisation that's this, that has this level of right? It's impossible, but I'm also, you know what? I'm largely ignore it. I just want to go one direction and give a fuck sorry.

Speaker 1  18:12  
I'm sorry, so let's carry on. So wait, but what I want to connect is that

Speaker 2  18:19  
a join. Is this what we call an intersection? Yes, between all

Speaker 3  18:24  
of this capability, we don't have commerce without categorization.

Speaker 1  18:28  
Good, okay, I agree that's great, that it is dynamic, right? Makes it better, better.

Speaker 2  18:33  
Okay, so we already have a thing that we're extending, the intercept.

Speaker 1  18:38  
The third thing you need, which is question and answers or guided selling questionnaires. Now their story would be very simple, like it's with dynamic categorization. In the past, everyone did that. How did they do it? They said, You sales ops, you come up with the questions and the answers, and it guides a sales rep through a flow. Ask, there's a question, you answer, you get to the next question. You answer next question. That's very simple, right? So you think about as a person, how you get through that flow? Yes. Now again, the 10x team came, and they're great. They build a flexible questionnaire. That means the AI comes up with the questions the sales person or the sales ops guy doesn't have to author them anymore. Yeah, which is fantastic, but here's my kind of fear. Yes, all these the right questions could be but I'm sure if I would go into an experience, say, I have my AI prompt open, say, I don't know what to sell or help me find a product.

Speaker 2  19:50  
But isn't that that? I mean, there's a layer to that, which is like rag or MCP or something, where you build Absolutely, yeah.

Speaker 1  19:58  
I know how it works. If you have a product with a description, with labels, whatever information is on the product, you can deduct, you know, you can make associations, and then you can come up with questions.

Speaker 2  20:10  
But would you choose to use that? What I'm getting at so guided selling is cool, right? This is question and answer.

Speaker 1  20:16  
Here I am. I am a little bit torn. I don't know what the quality can be. Look. What I like with it is that you don't need a sales admin to do anything, which is revolutionary, because today, the sales admin, or the ops guys, they have to come up with this question and answers, and that can it sounds even rigid, but it is actually

Speaker 2  20:37  
not that easy. How does that dovetail? So where does five are we putting vibe quoting on? Like, just a

Speaker 1  20:42  
different because in vibe coding, you can ask the the system,

Speaker 2  20:49  
recommend the product. So this is not the this is the 10x team board. Built a thing and then we got another. It was

Speaker 4  20:56  
just a POC. I won't even consider that we build a thing right there. So we build a thinking that we embedded in

Speaker 2  21:02  
Nixon does have a have a concept of guided selling. I mean, vibe quoting is a rift on guided selling, right back

Speaker 1  21:11  
putting is everything put together. This guided setting is very specific in that sense of I need to find, I need to guide the user through questions to a decision that the decision could be, add me that product to the cart, or config an option of a product, right?

Speaker 2  21:31  
So are we saying that that's not a fully baked thing? Then it's a POC, okay?

Speaker 4  21:36  
One more thing I would say, Forget about what exists. Let's put what we need, okay? And then we'll map to what exists, even if, can I just let me do that,

Speaker 2  21:44  
assuming that connects to that, right? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  21:49  
it's definitely related. So

Speaker 2  21:51  
are all of these in the same ecosystem? Then they have to they have connection.

Speaker 1  21:55  
All of this has to be true for me to deliver configurable product.

Speaker 3  21:59  
No, yes, they are part of the same ecosystem, but they're different technology,

Speaker 2  22:04  
yeah, but they there are, for me, all of them. You can't deliver the ecosystem where one of these is not one

Unknown Speaker  22:11  
of this is missing. I cannot

Speaker 4  22:12  
deliver okay. Is that right? Because i How about okay?

Speaker 1  22:17  
I can deliver very simple experience, but just having dynamic categorization rule engine, because I could expose the direct components to the end user and say, select the product that is possible, and it's already, I mean, that's my lowest bar, good. And if I get that in q2 I'm actually, I wouldn't be happy, but I say, at least I can say I have a configurable price.

Speaker 2  22:39  
And then just maybe a simple question, if you took that to market, would the sales team say there's better out there? Yeah, absolutely this. Why would you take it to market? Then, I mean, we can deliver it, but would we hold it back?

Speaker 1  22:53  
No, that would be delivered as the starting point of

Speaker 2  22:57  
so you think that that is okay, I think sold

Unknown Speaker  23:01  
as well

Unknown Speaker  23:02  
that we can we can serve,

Speaker 2  23:04  
we can sell. Yes, absolutely okay, but we can sell it because it's not the best.

Speaker 1  23:09  
I'm afraid of this. Oh, okay, now I know as far as I'm gonna shoot for it. No, no, no, no, you

Speaker 4  23:15  
don't have to be afraid of that at all. I think we need to know. We have to be honest with each other that, look, that is the bare minimum I want to go out with. Do not deliver less than this. However, I want this.

Speaker 1  23:26  
Okay? I agree with that. So I need rules to make sure whatever they selecting, if they select the minimum bar of products, like this product and that product, I want to make sure that these two products are compatible with each other, okay, but

Speaker 2  23:41  
there's there's one thing I don't get, is if it's the if it's not a compelling

Speaker 1  23:47  
competitor, compelling enough for us, for as a company, it is, it is because we have never had any conflict or bundles, and that will be the first step.

Speaker 2  23:55  
So we would then people, we would then see that this, I think this is the nuance you see that as as the step Yes, onto the broader vision, correct. That's the key. You have to sell the end point and then deliver it. Now my point is that if the field gets excited about that and starts to prove, that's my Pete's point, you know, you prove value, maybe there is some more resource. Maybe we can excel.

Speaker 1  24:20  
And maybe this is so good that black line and the other guys to say, You know what? This is what I needed for now. And then we stopped there for, do

Speaker 2  24:29  
we classify this as the intersection, right? Is this the layer? Yes. So dynamic categorization is app is an abstract comes as a component. Dynamic engine guided selling these are abstract concepts that serve a broader abstract No, no, no. But, I mean, they're not like the CPQ roadmap like that. They are, see, they're

Unknown Speaker  24:52  
not CPQ roadmap. They're just enablers the

Speaker 4  24:56  
Q and A part, though. So I think there's another direct, another answer to you, what you are asking for, rule, engine, dynamic categorization. Categorization is 100% what we qualify, what we would qualify as intersections, but the Q and A, however, may not necessarily be a thing that anybody else needs, except for sales assisted and the guided selling, but

Unknown Speaker  25:19  
it's an intersection for experiences, is

Speaker 4  25:22  
it an intersection for experiences? That's an error. Question, would you think you and is

Speaker 3  25:28  
why I put it in the roadmap as the first step? Because you and a or the categorization, none of the categorization, the Q

Speaker 4  25:35  
and A is what we're talking about. Categorization. I totally agree with, yeah, the Q and A that, yeah, that's guidance.

Speaker 2  25:41  
So how does that guided? So if we built guided selling, are we saying that that is just a thing that the CPQ team builds? Why would it not be an experience?

Speaker 4  25:49  
Let me, let me answer that. Yeah, it's not that. It's not that the sex the sales assistant, guided selling needs Q, A, right? Sure. But the reason it can become an intersection, because highly dependent on the product. When I'm building the product, I know what's going to happen. That's the reason. However, when you are up in the cell service model, that's not what comes up. So to enable something now, I always say, I don't care if Q and A's don't come out of it. So that could be like something that CPQ team pushes through in the catalogue that says, Hey, can you put this on so that I start getting Q and A out of it, which is, right, whatever we

Speaker 2  26:27  
want to do, guided selling. Does that ever have a handoff, though? Like, is context

Speaker 4  26:34  
part of this from the cell service over to the guided selling? Yeah, could be why not? Yeah. Insurance, they do all so

Speaker 1  26:44  
I'm a little bit confused because I thought for error, this is important. Q, a, yeah,

Speaker 3  26:50  
it's important, but it's not my step one. I would love, I would absolutely love to have it. But this goes back to the conversation we had earlier. Is I want a set of contracts in place where I go after specific markets and love, love, love this good, good feedback. But it's not my first phase,

Speaker 1  27:09  
because for me, this is really important. Everyone I talked to, I need guidance and guidance.

Speaker 2  27:17  
That's exactly what we're here for. Then that's perfect. Right now, and

Speaker 1  27:21  
I can see why you would not think this is so important, because you have the other other

Speaker 3  27:26  
problems, like a market. But now here's this is why we'll revisit this, right? Because if all of a sudden you're going to give me some of these cool things, I'm going to pivot away from use case three to complex and size.

Speaker 1  27:41  
So here's where I need. I can do this Q and A myself the traditional way, if I just say, Build me a very simple UI way. Type in a question that has to be translatable. And all you know, I can end and all of that need to be enabled. And then you have answers to it, and you can assign filters that work with the dynamic categorization.

Speaker 2  28:07  
I'm good. I Yeah. I think the having seen what I saw yesterday, you weren't in the engineering sessions, which were fine. If you get a chance to look at those recordings, strongly recommend you do. But I think there's, I think there's a way that we should we, given the current velocity of what the engineering org is trying to achieve, I want to bet on Moo and his AI, DLC, and what Christine presented yesterday, being able to accelerate us to the point where it's not just the MVP, right? So that's

Speaker 4  28:45  
not what takes time. I didn't say that yesterday. It's not the coding that takes time. It's the continuous discovery that takes time for the engineers. They keep on going back and forth, back and forth,

Speaker 2  28:54  
although we can, we can solve for that. But listen, my preference is making a decision about, are we going to go for an MVP thing because it gives us everything that we need is just fine, or is there an additional lift that we can get that gives us just that little bit of extra source? I don't know the answer to that. I prefer to get the extra source first,

Unknown Speaker  29:16  
but I think that's an engineering question.

Speaker 1  29:19  
So see my head. I mean, I want to make this clear that if, if I right now, my plan is to, you know, rely on dynamic categorization and rule engine arrows, research on rule engines, yeah, and last decision, what rule engine should be being used, and Siva and Satish, they also have an idea about that? Yeah, that is has to be solved. I'm not going to meddle in it. I'm gonna, you know, I'm a bystander, and I look at decision say, That sounds reasonable, and if there's something egregious, I'm gonna say something I don't believe a customer. This one like a customer, yeah, I assume it will be there for me.

Speaker 2  30:02  
But what, Errol, you made a very, very good point. I think that you actually nailed what this whole thing is about, if guided selling, because it's important to Errol gets delivered. You quiet, sorry, Manfred, because, Manfred, you will make a subtle shift without direction, without like, Hey, you got to shift, and you'll recalibrate in your own mind, what your prioritisation of the and or you may not, right? You may say that this is not a big enough index for me to change against, but if it is, you go, Okay, I'm going to make a decision. I'm going to I'm going to slightly recalibrate my roadmap and move over to this direction that I think is the best pattern is that we understand all of these things and then internally, in these very complex decision matrixes, you make these very subtle changes in right. And that has to be done independently and then shared, right? Okay? Because you're going to deliver this, because it's important to Manfred, I'm going to just subtly shift in this direction. I think that's the

Unknown Speaker  31:09  
perfect organism. Do we

Speaker 4  31:11  
want to extend this meeting so that we can get there? Because I think this is where,

Speaker 3  31:17  
yeah, well, let me sacrifice. I'm going to add just one nuance to this I'm going to make that we are we as a team, are going to make the decision. We're going to document it. It goes in a decision log, and it goes into a delivery contract, and from here on out, like I took Moo and Shakir to the mat, like I'm going to give you a delivery contract against an ICP, and that is what we're doing. If you come in at the 11th Hour, you are breaking the contract. But can I finish? So in this case, I'm all in. I see way more opportunity in complex enterprise and complex SaaS for Zora. Yeah, this decision like we're not making it right, but the proposition to me is very clear, I'm going after this segment. Therefore the opportunity cost is I'm not going after battle ground three and market wise and vent like sub 100

Speaker 2  35:45  
Decisions that just, you're right. I'm a bit I get can. if someone wants to change, if someone wants to move, if someone comes and tries to cherry pick off one person, you know, then we have to just, we have to push back on that. And I see the problem. I want a better,

Speaker 3  36:35  
different elevation here. I just, just to be clear, we've got to get product to market. Every one of these decisions is absolutely critical, and the opportunity cost and the big picture is something that we're all saying the same thing. But the reason I'm positioning it this way is, let me, let me. Let me just deviate for a moment. The average commerce platform takes 200 person years to deliver. And like, like I said, you've heard this from me before, Salesforce has 27 people on their catalogue. Elastic Path had 45 and so, because we're working with a lean team, we simply have to refine our focus to a segment that we can definitively win in declare it and 100% and say, This is why we made these decisions and trade offs. So then when Pete comes back and says, Oh, I've got a $20 million SaaS that we need to win. We say no, and we documented in the meeting, we said, battleground one is SAS. 50 is battleground two is complex enterprise with 53% the five of us in this room said, Well, if we're going after complex SaaS, and we're going after this vision, we're going to do this first, but that, but that is

Speaker 2  37:56  
100% right, right? And I don't even think you have to talk about the contract. I think what we say is we laid it all out as a team. Let's give you a story. Guided selling, right? Guided selling was important for Manfred, your point, we have small teams, we have we have big deliverables. You decided to take an asset, absorb that asset, and make a subtle shift in your roadmap. That's the end of the story, as far as I'm concerned. I mean, just it, that's where this is, why I tried to say is that insulate the product teams to make the decisions, create the intersection as a forcing function to those decisions, and then let people who experience make these subtle, complex changes, you know, yeah, and then share it. And if you go, you know, if you go, I mean, we get to a point where you go, if you do that, I can't have this, right? That then becomes a dependency. A dependency is different to what we're talking about.

Speaker 3  38:51  
So I think we're all aligned. I'm just going to say one thing, like, there's no such thing as a small decision in product management, because every decision definitively enables you to succeed and succeed against a group of customer pains, and that's why I this. I'm making a mountain out of a mole hill, and we can move on. But like these, these become big decisions, and we've been burned here. So what you need to help us do is like, like, you've got to get into the details. And I know you're not afraid of doing that, but like the calls that rolly and I report weekly to move, and we're in these meetings where he makes, why?

Speaker 2  39:34  
Why is why does that happen? Why are you reporting in weekly meetings to move?

Speaker 3  39:38  
Because the lack of velocity, and because of the inconsistency in decision making has created an extraordinary amount of friction. And because I escalate to move and Shakir and I come in and I said, on this date, you said this, this, now you're changing it on me, and we need as an executive team to maintain focus and momentum. And so that turned,

Speaker 2  40:06  
yeah, I think those are, I think those are problematic. I think those are to do weekly calls with me.

Speaker 3  40:16  
They are, but now they're there because that was how he dealt. Well, let's take it

Speaker 2  40:20  
away, then I'll go to moon. I mean, honestly, all I'm trying to do, I Sorry, I'm coming back to the same thing. You made a very you know, the kind of vector space that you're living in was guided selling you, then translated that and thought, okay, there's a there's a context to this. There's an implication. I'm going to run through all of my roadmap, and I'm going to immediately say, hey, there's possibly a shift here. You can't, you can't construct that. That's you have to make that decision. And if it's the wrong decision, I don't care. That's fine. You validate it. You say I'm making that decision, it would be impossible to go back and deconstruct that. I mean, if we've learned anything from LL, from the age of AI, is that we have a very complex decision structure in our brains. I mean, I just think we want to move fast. We do the big things that we can all coalesce around. And then there's going to be these subtle shifts, and then we play them back up. So you know what I've done? I've assimilated all of this. This is what I'm going to do. And then you were never, ever going to hear from me. You sure you want to do that? Because I don't have your your level of knowledge. I don't have your level of knowledge.

Speaker 3  41:36  
Yeah, so I think we're saying, we're all saying guidance, selling is

Speaker 2  41:39  
important, right? This was useful, like this

Speaker 3  41:42  
example, this was an example. But I think there are other examples that, as we go through and continue this, well, if

Speaker 1  41:49  
you could go through all my defence, yeah, the same way, like you got just now, and then we go through yours and deduct it the same way? Yes.

Speaker 4  41:57  
And then you both are similar at the intersection, correct? You got 1030 so if we want to continue this and at least

Unknown Speaker  42:04  
finish one half hour more, I mean, I can,

Speaker 3  42:07  
why don't we run through your list and then

Unknown Speaker  42:11  
we it's eight minutes only left in this that

Speaker 1  42:14  
feels like this is really well, I can move things around to be available for at least. I mean, I can even be tuned to lunchtime.

Speaker 3  42:23  
Okay, what do you think I wanted the other meeting to be? While you're here, I'm here to Diane's more. Okay, so this is with like Tony, our superpower, joining Tony and nav and like, getting everyone kind of excited and kind of doing this is what we're moving forward in. And it's, it's not, I was honest. It's more of a people meeting,

Speaker 2  42:49  
yeah, I just, I guess my only my I thought I was going to listen. My only concern with that meeting is that I need to assimilate this meeting. That's the basis. I feel like, if I need what I did on Tuesday was easy, there you go. This is hard. I need to internalise this. I need us to get an operational motion together. If I'm being honest, I think that meetings a bit preemptive, because I don't think I have the confidence to translate it and then it for to be completely on point with what everyone in this room thinks,

Speaker 3  43:27  
yeah, that's just to be clear. That's not the ask, okay, the ask for 2027, is there some critical path items that the team like, I'm literally going to keep the team in the meeting. Step one focused on May and figuring out like, so I don't have to say anything. No, all right, so it's all right. This is not gonna listen. I'm a listener. Yeah, this is great.

Speaker 2  43:52  
But can I Is there any chance we could move it? Yeah, because I feel

Speaker 3  43:55  
like this is, can I delay it 15 minutes? I don't

Speaker 2  43:58  
think we're going to get it done in 15 minutes, though. Okay, and if we could all come back together, but I feel, you know, I'm going to come back here. I mentioned London. There's no budget for London, so I'll be flying this way. So you just put who puts you try? You did try. You did no. Manfred doesn't want to meet. He made the point, everyone's here. He like, looked at me. He goes, everyone's here. And then I went, but Satish and Kenner in in New York, and he went.

Unknown Speaker  44:31  
It's like, maybe we meet in the middle.

Speaker 5  44:33  
Maybe, maybe, isn't that Ohio or something? I don't want to get what should I

Unknown Speaker  44:42  
drive this 30 minutes out?

Speaker 2  44:47  
I just feel if we walk away from this, are we going to get this momentum again?

Speaker 3  44:53  
Yeah, well, I think we will. We have these conversations every day of every week. So keep that going now.

Speaker 1  44:59  
No, but I think one if you go through this when you and we have that basically just mapped out, let's do another 30 minutes, I would feel so much.

Unknown Speaker  45:10  
Let's do 30 minutes. Let's be

Speaker 3  45:12  
very transparent here. Yeah, there has been a lot. There have been a lot of technical shifts and staffing, and there are a lot of back channel discussions and having you here and nav and everyone this next meeting, I agree, rolling up the sleeves and saying we're a unified team with a unified may focus, yeah, and this is good, is the objective?

Speaker 2  45:36  
Let's do that. But I think is there also a colour to this, which is, we just had a meeting, which was broader, yes, and we're starting to do something that we haven't done before, which is to think of this holistic vision, right? Yes. I mean, that's okay, all right. So we've got, we've got these three section good

Speaker 1  45:55  
on the first two, yeah, flexible commitment. So usually this is one thing that goes under the billing parity, because billing does things, and that goes, What's it? There's a Twilio there, these guys. And all of a sudden we like, have a requirement like, this is trade web. But there are others they need this, which is, just tell me what flexible commitment is. Think about it, when you have usages, then you can, as a provider, you may end up that your customer is not using your product, so you have very low usage, yeah, so you make no money. So the that's why you can put in a min commit, that means minimum amount of this, and there's also a max commit, so that the customer, if you're over something, you're not surprised. Bill, right, got it, got it. So that's what this is. Manfred, can I? Can I give

Unknown Speaker  46:41  
you another word? What's that? Contract?

Speaker 1  46:45  
No, yeah, not contract. And here is the thing. Oh, no, I know that is very subtle here, but yeah, no, actually, I talked with nav and we, I talked with Lucas about this. This is a part of a T and C, min. How much is your min and how much is your maximum? It's a T and C in a higher contract. Because if you look at a contract, you have way other things, like, what's your price for this type of product, like this category product, I'm gonna get 50% discount for this type of product, I get 20% discount. That's another category of contract terms, yes, pricing. So we have commitments pricing, then we have payment terms. That's another type

Speaker 4  47:29  
of more colour device. Okay, exactly. But can I just ask different than min and max? What we are supposed Yeah.

Speaker 1  47:38  
Sorry, that's on price. Attracted me because I wanted to say what's different. This is based on an account level, or it is based on a group of products, or it's based on some other criteria, and you're gonna change it over, you know, you know, the first period is maybe the three months you're looking at, and then the next time you do get one year and you aggregate up and you compare to your commitment, right? So that the all of these factors go into these commitments. It's not that simple, okay? It has some complexity, and we're gonna have to enable that in CPQ, and that's exactly where the problem starts, because that's not a CPQ problem. It is a contracting problem. It's a

Speaker 4  48:19  
contract problem, but let me that's where the colour comes in. Now I think so. There's a whole couple of design documents on this that I did probably a year ago, more as well how we should structure these things. Then come straight web video. So Zoho bastardise The design for flexible commitments. So billing, right now has a model for this, which makes it very difficult for commerce and CPQ to have an abstraction of this, because there are two ways to do it. One, I'd be a slave to billing. I'll just do a data model UI and be like, Okay, do this, which our customers are going to hate, because it's not going to be intuitive. Yeah, if we want to do it properly, then it goes all the way back and doing the baseline intersections, right, which is where contracting, TNC, part of the contract comes in. First we build it out. Because, as Manfred said, these constructs are not really at the product level or subscription level. They can be a group level. Group could be group of subscriptions, where the filter could be account

Unknown Speaker  49:14  
there, who should own it, though, who should own it? I think

Speaker 1  49:18  
write down Contract Lifecycle Management. Was that what?

Speaker 4  49:21  
Yes, contract so Contract Lifecycle Management. And again, we are not saying, Never did I say, ever I was actually, this is where the problem came. When I per pitch this and move and shake it both told me, now this is not the right time for this. So if we want to wait a second, it's been built, right? No contact. Lifecycle Management is

Speaker 1  49:40  
not being one little piece of contract. Lifecycle Management is commitment,

Speaker 2  49:44  
yes, so underneath this kind of wrapper, right, is commits, right?

Unknown Speaker  49:49  
It is one little piece which is

Speaker 2  49:51  
and what. And this was built. Here's the thing. This was built by the billing

Speaker 4  49:56  
team, right? Yes, right, that commits is part of it, but the way we build it is not by thinking commit is part of county. Exactly the way it is built is commitment

Unknown Speaker  50:08  
as a separate thing. It's another it's another gizmo that

Speaker 2  50:12  
just like, yeah, why in that context, right, which is, if I use that thing, it doesn't do what I need it to, right? So why do we even, why are you saying that? No, you just, you said that if flexible commitments is built, the way it's built in, billing is not you has no utility to you.

Speaker 1  50:30  
No, it does. Has the it's very functional, built for this one use case, use case, right? How do I maintain a min and max commit on a group of accounts, on a group of

Speaker 4  50:41  
products, or on a frequency, on a timeline? There's so many things to this, but you're saying that because it's not part of a he

Speaker 1  50:48  
talked about usability, so if we would just expose their UI, yeah, you know, like a iframe technique or so, and say, I make my life easy, you know, I don't. I hate it in CPQ, because should be a Contract Lifecycle Management thing, but I'm gonna do it. I'm a good player. I'm gonna show that. UI, yeah, very hard to use for sales. People, impossible.

Speaker 2  51:07  
Yeah, you'd like don't do it. So now I have work, yeah? But can I just ask the question, is Contract Lifecycle Management is covered in any of this or not?

Speaker 1  51:18  
No, because that is a concept that we were talking about. And it's like, yes, makes sense. It's like the same stories, acquisition to cash, contract, lifecycle management is another piece in the puzzle that somewhere in this that's acquisition to cash, right? Pricing orders, contracts. So when, when you look into how some companies operate, right? So like us, we sell our software, there is a negotiation happening on price and what, what products you want, what price do you get? And then at one point, people start think, but I don't like your damnification. Course, I don't like your payment 660, days, I'm on 90 days. I don't like this. I don't like so now they're starting negotiating on contracts, or they say, but hey, can we put a min commit in place or max commit? So they starting to work on a when does

Speaker 2  52:09  
this all happen today? One year ago? No, but we where does it happen outside of CPQ and another system,

Speaker 1  52:15  
because it is in these fields in CPQ partly, like payment terms, is just a subscription field. Yeah, it happens. Pricing happens in the CPQ world, right? But it's not a contract price. It's just the price for this one or whatever. It's not like a negotiated price for how I buy the next three years. No, it's just for this one CPQ order. That's your price so, but it's, it's limiting. We kind of have work arounds on this. A real companies like conga was up, just they started with that, and then they built CPQ. Others had CPQ and they added CLM because it's so natural, kind of intertwined, right? All the things the

Speaker 2  52:53  
CLM help us go to market on next gen CPQ or not?

Speaker 4  52:58  
No, you may have a different view on this. I don't think so. Zora needs a C, L, M. We need a contract abstraction which dovetails into what we do. We don't need the LM, the selling version.

Speaker 3  53:12  
Can I just ask? Sorry, I'm not trying to be disruptive or just argumentative, but because we all write, because we own, because a subscription object is so unique and complex, and we bring in the temporal elements, etc, not today. But is this a place where you believe we should actually be making a push, or you say this is a lost market, and we're never going to do the CLI

Speaker 1  53:42  
I'm not gonna this. You don't see CLM on any of my slides, yeah,

Speaker 4  53:46  
that's, that's why I'm much more complicated when you bring in legal this, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  53:51  
from our commerce story. But then, in truth, we know what it should be, but we're not gonna Okay,

Speaker 4  53:58  
it's the sales contract abstraction that we want. What I

Unknown Speaker  54:03  
still don't understand is

Unknown Speaker  54:06  
that the billing platform has built a

Unknown Speaker  54:11  
MVP for your right.

Speaker 4  54:13  
They have built it from a pricing angle, that if you're placing an order, can I capture the amount that you're going to do on commitment and for how long, and then how I'm going to how far is it

Speaker 2  54:22  
from what that should be, though, because usually we would, but you said it's part of a contract, right?

Speaker 4  54:27  
There's no contract object in Zora, first of all, it's a part of an order, right now, okay, so that's not

Unknown Speaker  54:32  
going to happen, right? So there's going to be, these

Speaker 1  54:34  
are the things, I think. What we said nav and I said, Look, if you're gonna do it, let's at least put the bones in there. Yes, and we may never execute on it, but at least have an object that's called agreement or contract, have commitments being part of it, so that one day when arrow comes and says, I want contract pricing in my pricing engine, that if you want to negotiate, maybe we gonna build it out to be something better, and then you negotiate your contract price on that object,

Speaker 4  55:01  
put the foundation in, but, yeah, but you

Unknown Speaker  55:05  
were told what,

Speaker 4  55:06  
we don't have the time to do that. This is not what we will do. We need to deliver it immediately. And Manfred was told, just put it.

Speaker 2  55:13  
You can't reverse that back into this concept of the contract.

Speaker 4  55:16  
Technically, Jonathan, anything is possible. We can re engineer one customer uses it not, not even once. So I won't, I won't go to the you

Speaker 2  55:24  
want it on your roadmap. Like, no, it's not on my roadmap. It says flexible commitments.

Unknown Speaker  55:28  
It's the bill parity that's building some little

Speaker 1  55:31  
piece of it, because I'm more or less forced to support it, because it's billing parity.

Speaker 4  55:36  
Billing does it? You got to do it right? I'm do

Speaker 1  55:39  
I get excited about it? I only get excited because I've heard this now from other prospects, when I was travelling around Europe, and they mentioned this to be good, because everyone who has usages kind of runs into this problem, and I'm solving this one particular problem. So it's, it's not a made a major show for me, but it's, it's good to have.

Unknown Speaker  55:58  
It doesn't feel like it should be on here. Then,

Unknown Speaker  56:01  
no, I agree.

Unknown Speaker  56:03  
What should be there is, no, you're right.

Unknown Speaker  56:04  
It's one of those roadmap things that are going to take

Speaker 1  56:07  
care of it. Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's, you know, effort, price is maybe a different story.

Speaker 4  56:11  
One more question, when we go through this list, are these from the perspective of the next gen CPQ, or are these? Because the flexible commit is a legacy CPQ thing.

Speaker 1  56:20  
Sure, we should do it. There are, there are. And I tell you why, because

Speaker 4  56:24  
I don't you know why. I'm just clarifying that that's all

Speaker 2  56:28  
related to next year. But what I need to, what I need to tease out from Shakir is I don't understand, I understand what's happening. I understand vibe quoting, understand that's a teen thing, but that I hear we have to put a lick of paint on cpqx, because that's the thing we're selling. We're also building next gen CPQ, or next generation of CPQ. So I need to get more from what that direction seems like. You've got these parallel cameras

Speaker 1  57:02  
together for you, right? Okay, so the first thing we talked about with Configure products that is already next gen. Why is it next gen is not going to happen on Salesforce, right? Right? That's why it's next gen. Okay, that's the definition. That's the definition for me. Yeah. And then advanced approvals. Same thing is next gen, because not happening on Salesforce protocol.

Speaker 2  57:22  
Is it possible that we could? Could you send me those lists with ng next to it?

Speaker 4  57:29  
I think you got the percentage spend. Flexible commit and dynamic pricing. Dynamic Pricing is both ways, but flexible commit person spin are pure legacy.

Speaker 2  57:38  
So flexible commitment, percentage spend is percent spend driven from billing, and it's okay. Everything else is in this wrapper,

Unknown Speaker  57:47  
connected with arrow, okay, all right.

Speaker 4  57:51  
And by the way, I heard something about white coding yesterday. Apparently, it's not really white coding that team need but separate discussion, I can brief you what I see.

Speaker 1  57:59  
This is another thing. It's like, I cannot tell you how often I'm hearing what teen wants and how it changes, and I think it's a moving target. So what I what Shakira basically told me, like, don't worry about white coding. Let's teach to that. Yeah, right. It's the way I'm

Unknown Speaker  58:17  
approaching it, yeah, and

Speaker 4  58:19  
I'm not, I'm not jumping into that. I'm just want you guys to be aware of what it's around to a very specific the funny spreadsheet problem, why? What I got to know in my brain was like, hang on, but that's next in CPQ. So for me, the overlap comes that you should be aware of it. What would I know? Not that we start acting on it. We go on the path we want to go.

Speaker 2  58:39  
But can we? Can we? Can we go on this intersection? So flexible commits line through that

Speaker 1  58:45  
approval is also not a intersection. Okay? I'm going to leverage, actually what the workflow did already. So that's an internal thing. I'm actually glad about that. Also building thing. Dynamic Pricing has the intersections that we started already consuming. What arrow built?

Speaker 2  59:02  
So can I just ask a quick on the intersection? For me, it's like, what? What is it? Maybe I'm wrong, but dynamic pricing is a thing that is owned by the by catalogue. You consume it, right? So that's a diff. That's not an intersection for me. That's a that's a that's

Speaker 1  59:21  
yes it is and it isn't. So it is not that I if everything is perfect, I just consume it, right? But since I also have some needs, for example, I give you a price waterfall, yeah. So in the price waterfall, we have what's called an inline discount. The whole company doesn't do that. The company works on a different type of discount, which is a charge model, and that's not good enough. Can't have that in CPQ, so you can have it, but it doesn't do the right thing. It's the wrong mechanism. It was invented in billing for I don't know what reasons, but it doesn't work in I have to have inland discounts. And inland discounts are not, not known by anyone else in this company except

Speaker 4  1:00:09  
and who owns, who owns. We cannot have the support for that throughout the system, because the inline discount, as it is done in CPQ today, it's just an override. You lose that. There was a discussion. So how do you deliver

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21  
next gen CPQ without an inline discount?

Speaker 4  1:00:23  
We got to do that. We have to do it. Yes, but again, how does

Unknown Speaker  1:00:27  
that connect to dynamic pricing?

Speaker 1  1:00:29  
Did that. So when an arrow delivers the price waterfall, what in that price waterfall? If you can start from base price uplift list price, and then you have a slew of discounts that come in automatically, or because the sales person put it in manually. That manual discount that you say, You know what you make, good friend, I give you 10% off. That is a inland just

Speaker 4  1:00:54  
I'm with the mid Manfred on this. There is an upward trend for that, because ultimately we need to support this right up as a construct, and it goes to billing and rating engine also, right?

Speaker 1  1:01:04  
And it has to be supported all the way into revenue recognition today, because we override the price. Basically, we pretend that the list price was actually so let's say you had $100 and you put in 10% you get to 90. And then we gave it to water management. We'd give $90 to them, and they'll look at it like, oh, yeah, the list price was $90 yeah, they don't know. And now they have a workaround. Oh, wait a second, $90 yes, we should we look up. Let's look up the list. Oh, well, it's 100 so how did that happen? Okay, we know that was maybe somewhere this kind of something happened. There's a difference. Yeah, okay, so get off capturing, alright. So they only captured the result.

Speaker 2  1:01:48  
What is the that seems to touch a lot of systems? Oh, yeah. This is, like, big, big, big, but you're saying it's a high priority for

Speaker 1  1:01:59  
it's because I see I will do my in line discount, because that's what we do today, but in the way that is to work for the company. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:02:08  
And so arrow. What's the where does that intersect with you? I want to try and define, is this a dependency? Is this a is this a wider discussion? Is it an enabler to next gen CPQ? It doesn't feel like it's an intersection. It feels like it's a kind of architectural, structural decision that has to

Speaker 4  1:02:24  
be take the touches pricing and billing and revenue as well all the way down so that

Speaker 3  1:02:29  
they can I think it's fixing a problem that's and yeah, and I'm just gonna say the answer from our side is many layers of Yes, with incremental delivery, right? So, you know, the first thing we're going to get, just without over complicating it, is attribute based discounts, which is a negative charge. And then we get into master price rules, and then promotions. And as we get that's the acceleration we're going to ask for later. But as we start handling this in a more elegant way, then Fred gets exactly what he wants.

Speaker 2  1:03:06  
But this wider business concept of an inline discount, are you having to, then, when you do it in your org or your product roadmap, having to then motivate for how that flows all the way through to revenue, so that that's within your field of vision right now, yes, that's

Speaker 4  1:03:25  
where So there, I think there is going to be a little bit of a trouble conventionally. I do not know if you have agreed with the people now, because whenever we do any pricing modifications in the catalogue, the rating is not in the control of catalogue. Billing is not in the control of catalogue. Bringing them along, for me had been a tremendous challenge. So for me, I still question some days that who owns the pricing models? Is it the catalogue that should own pricing models, or pricing models should be an independent team that actually enforces everyone that guys, I own it,

Speaker 3  1:03:58  
so this, can I just pile on that? Jonathan, this is a very important discussion. This is what started at the last product management off site with Shakir. And it was brought up abstractly. And I think I might have mentioned this to you as a central computation service. That's it, and calculator. And basically what we said, and I followed up, and there's been inaction, but we all want to drive to this is why the I can't not, why the heck we cannot rely on a order preview in a clunky ass back end system. So when I put something in a cart to actually run my

Speaker 1  1:04:40  
watercolour for saying this, because this whole discussion, first of all, why is it in a catalogue? This should be a pricing engine problem. And secondly, the whole that goes together with the metrics that I get from the backend system, which also should be together with the pricing engine, right? So there needs to be a price, a real team for pricing and for metrics.

Speaker 4  1:05:01  
That is one of the objectives of my discussion between you and

Speaker 2  1:05:05  
Ken today, Jonathan, because actually dynamic. Sorry, go on. Yeah. I'm saying between

Speaker 4  1:05:10  
you, me and Ken, that's one of the topic of discussion, because we have four rating engines. We don't have a true pricing engine that's complete. And I'll be honest, I was fed up. That's why we started with dynamic pricing. Because the goal was, one day we'll abstract dynamic pricing will become the true pricing engine and a complete service and a faster one on top of it, and dynamic one. But that whole thing, flexible commits, comes into picture. Flexible commits, by itself, will not do anything prepaid, that prepayment credits, percentage of spend. These things should not be done in isolation. And billing team. These things are to be decided there. The model should be conveyed and agreed, and then everybody

Speaker 2  1:05:48  
can buy so it is an inter it's one. And I can ask a simple question, because if let's, let's So, let's say pricing engine existed. I was properly built. Does it remove anything from your roadmap? Like, like, it seems to me that the way this is working is that you're doing a bunch of stuff now swimming upstream against this wider organisational issue. You're dependent on this thing, which is now much more dependent on the organisation. But there's three people who know this business super well that are going this should be a pricing engine. So what I don't understand?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:26  
Yeah, headache because of it.

Speaker 3  1:06:29  
The short answer is, it creates upstream headache, but it accelerates our velocity. Because if we had a true what we're striving to you've read you've read the, I know you haven't read the promotions piece. But simply put, there's an order of operations between pricing, discounting, promotions and CPQ. If we owned that, and we own the calculation, the derivation and billing just catches it.

Speaker 4  1:06:57  
We voice generation buildings should just be right? What we have today, of course, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:07:07  
yeah, it's the it's the process, yeah, you know that? Well, okay, but, but, but this is important, right? Because, again, so here's, here's an interesting thing. You go and say, I want a pricing engine, right? And let's say everyone goes, No. And then my next day, you will not get a true intersection. Then you'll get a half assed commerce product. You will still deliver it. Yeah, it's in Errol's road map. Manfred will consume it. It'll be a bit clunky. That's fine, but I'm I'm not going to deliver commerce.

Speaker 1  1:07:38  
So you can also say this is we will be in many meetings like we had already with the commerce meetings, where we always together, and we'll talk to each other, and then we leave and nothing happens.

Speaker 2  1:07:49  
Yes, actually, we have to give it a name, and we have to motivate for that name, and we have to say it's part of the intersection. So these are foundational things. It just like, in truth, you know what? Rather going to do this properly, or they don't need someone who runs acquisition to order. I don't need to be. I just leave you to get on with your individual road maps.

Speaker 3  1:08:11  
But you also kind of sorry to interrupt. I agree. And you have a vehicle, and the vehicle is one month, I'm sorry, one quarter ago in battleground. Number two, priority number one from Shakir, is off site. This came up and I pushed, just to be clear, I pushed and I followed up offline. And I'm like, Hey, Shakir, do you want me to pick this up? No, essays. Gonna look at it and and I said, I will get this, but I can finish. I said, I will get this done for you with now. And he didn't pull the trigger. So now you can come back. Yeah, there you go. What happened exactly?

Speaker 4  1:08:51  
Here's one more thing that you should know, pricing engine, conventionally, is a prized piece in the billing space. Anybody is a prized piece. Price in the sense it's a what it's like, no price in the sense it's amazing. It's something that they covered that, yes, I own it in the billing space. So every time anybody has tried extracting, and they have been attempts before me, when I attempted more also,

Speaker 2  1:09:17  
but make the case to make the case to Ken, and then Ken exactly, Ken has to have dinner with me, yes, and say why that's not going to get done.

Speaker 1  1:09:25  
Yes, I remember when Harris said we were in the meeting. Yeah, I remember that discussion, and it led to basically nowhere. Okay, well,

Speaker 3  1:09:34  
that's well, I followed up. I briefed my whole team. I followed up with Shakira and the one on one, I captured the notes and I followed, and it just died.

Speaker 2  1:09:43  
You need to arm me. It was to motivate for that. Then now we

Unknown Speaker  1:09:46  
have you. You can fight for them. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:09:48  
it has to be so, all right. So that covers off dynamic pricing, right? Five quoting we're going to put to one side, yeah, features and entitlement.

Speaker 3  1:09:55  
Can I just show you one thing. This is the slide we throw in his face. That is the bullet. It was big bet to bullet one, yeah, nothing gets done, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:06  
Well, all I need is two words, pricing engine,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:10  
only the deck. Pricing

Speaker 3  1:10:12  
engine here strategy that he committed to you.

Speaker 2  1:10:15  
But listen, honestly, I don't need to do this. I don't need that, the headache and the travel, if we're not going to get something done, I'm the wrong guy for the job. Yeah, I'm genuine. There could give you can always

Unknown Speaker  1:10:27  
go somewhere else. You make threats.

Speaker 2  1:10:29  
I don't know, but it's not, it's not so much that I just I if we're not going to move the needle, what gets me up in the morning is to do what we said on on that on that second day, if there's gonna be politics, then they need to just, just deliver your road map. So I'm gonna go back and, yeah, hit my heels for 18 months before my buy out, my earn out, comes in.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:46  
We all resign to that, by the way, yeah, like

Speaker 2  1:10:50  
I'm only if this is gonna be interesting and we're gonna really move the needle, then I'm all in. Hey, good. I'm all in.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:56  
That's why we want you up to features

Speaker 1  1:11:01  
an entire last one is just a consumption. So I'm really only consuming feature.

Speaker 2  1:11:07  
So we've come up with three things, dynamic categorization rules. Engine, guided selling Q and A this kind of component pricing engine. These, the these four things solve or service a lot of your needs that they they relieve some pressure potentially on you, and also slightly change maybe how you internally think about what you want to deliver. So can we get? We've got, we've got 15 minutes and we've got, we've

Speaker 4  1:11:40  
not one more before we move on to well. So there is another piece of this, which is experiences, which is whatever we are building on the CPQ. I want to talk about that as

Unknown Speaker  1:11:49  
omni channel,

Speaker 4  1:11:51  
the only channel thing. So omni channel thing will have some commonality with what is going to be done in the experiences layer

Unknown Speaker  1:11:58  
anyway. So, yeah, catalogue

Unknown Speaker  1:12:00  
experience, correct? So that should be there as well.

Speaker 2  1:12:02  
But experiences is already a thing on its own, right? It is a thing, but it comes into that whole intersection, experiences and interaction. Exactly. The thing that's not on that intersection is rules engineers, but this, this and this on, yes, so I just wanted to extend out. Did we not put pricing engine? Okay, I just wanted to extend it out. So, right, that's been, for me, hugely helpful.

Speaker 4  1:12:27  
Errol, one more last, last piece I have to put up, put down there should be called compliance, as the common layer by itself. So, for example, discounting being done, or price waterfall being done, they all fall into compliance piece to me. Or we can shove it under the rules and rules execution as well and say that it is implied. So I mean, I would probably it's implied, yeah, I also

Unknown Speaker  1:12:54  
it's rules and compliance, right? I

Speaker 1  1:12:56  
mean, all the aspects of a rule, like product can't be combined. Whatever both rules are there, whatever pricing rules are there, like Aaron mentioned, this discount you give and this

Speaker 2  1:13:09  
presumably vibe quoting has to, I mean, I know there's a, you know, teens default is, there's no compliance in the spreadsheet, right? All right, but no compliance in the spreadsheet. We're solving for the spreadsheet. But if it's going to become a thing, proper thing, like it'll be the layer, there has to be compliance somewhere. So you need a service that that thing can consume. Yes, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:32  
Okay, Errol,

Speaker 3  1:13:34  
so let me think about shooting, I actually we have six minutes

Speaker 1  1:13:40  
if I can, if we go to longer, I have to postpone my other meeting.

Speaker 3  1:13:44  
No, well, this next meeting, wait and I have to do about that. Rick starts in six minutes.

Speaker 2  1:13:50  
So, so shall we? Then we feel what we need to do, right? Maybe this was the CPQ lens, yeah, we need another one of these, which is the catalogue lens. That's really important. So

Unknown Speaker  1:14:07  
can we do it today? I mean, I

Speaker 2  1:14:09  
can do, I can do, I can do anytime this is meeting with, yeah. But then we after fire, I don't know. It feels like

Unknown Speaker  1:14:17  
it would be, What time are you leaving

Unknown Speaker  1:14:19  
on an arm? No, no, no, me. Until the weekend, I stayed for this.

Speaker 1  1:14:22  
So after my half an hour, I have one and a half to get

Speaker 4  1:14:27  
this meeting at noon with Ken and Jonathan. I don't want to skip that, because that's where these prices. What about the

Speaker 2  1:14:33  
end of the between five and six? Between five and six. Yeah, we got, should

Speaker 4  1:14:38  
we be in that meeting? No, I think all I'm trying to have to get things to that, because I believe there are some two or three components. I've been pushing billing team to Ken knows that, but I just want to make sure that they list. This is like the problem the first meeting

Speaker 2  1:14:51  
itself, and then we'll have so I listen. I will move anything. So if, if someone was to tell me when we can do this, because I just feel if we don't do the same session with our

Speaker 4  1:15:00  
meeting, finishing the product, offsite, meeting five. Okay, do you guys even have mental space after that? Or should we meet tomorrow, same time? Nine and nine to you.

Speaker 1  1:15:09  
Can do you can do verge. I can't remember, because I get something delivered tomorrow. Can you? Can you show me? I Are you in tomorrow? No, I'm leaving tonight.

Speaker 2  1:15:22  
You guys told me I listen, I would do five till six and be late for dinner personally. Okay, you don't, and then I we can all drive to dinner like it's whatever.

Speaker 5  1:15:30  
Okay, let's Is that okay? I don't give a look. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33  
Okay, done. I just what's

Speaker 2  1:15:37  
1130 at night, yeah, oh, so you can stay till five till six, right? Okay, okay, yeah, I just feel it's really important to give that air time. I mean, I don't know this feels like it produced some value.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:53  
I know what I was thinking.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:55  
Harris. Errol is a justifiably

Unknown Speaker  1:15:58  
sceptic. Sceptical right now.

Speaker 3  1:16:00  
He's like, I've been through this. Value, yeah, everything's documented, everything, size, scope. This is a great conversation. Will you give me

Speaker 2  1:16:07  
three months? Give me three months? All right, that's I'll either still be here.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:12  
I won't come in if

Speaker 2  1:16:14  
I think it's futile. I will tell you, because I'm going to go off and not travel so much. Yeah, I don't need that.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:22  
I only I'm just going to say everything that

Speaker 3  1:16:27  
I actually think van Fred and I are very well aligned, and nothing I say is going to surprise man, Fred, I do believe there are a few pieces that we are digging into that you already like. You can't be an observer on the rules thing like you and John actively,

Speaker 1  1:16:47  
I know, but I only can't give requirements. I cannot make decisions on what religion

Speaker 3  1:16:53  
we can. So I guess now you're gonna hear our roadmap and strategy, because, yeah, cool. The next meeting here, it's in space needle, but let me see if I can find a bigger room. Okay, before we huddle, this is bigger, I know, but someone has it at 11.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:12  
They've locked me out my phone.

Speaker 3  1:17:23  
This is a sorry, just to be I know I said it. This is a rah, rah. This is going to accelerate our momentum. Jonathan is bringing us together. You're just exciting people. We're exciting people. We're going through the roadmap and their shifts, and it's getting like Viva and Tony and making sure we quash

Unknown Speaker  1:17:43  
I would say one other thing. I would say that

Speaker 2  1:17:48  
we recognise there are significant hurdles to overcome it, yeah, and the Jonathan and I, we understand I'm now dead, and now we understand the hurdles. We know we're identifying the friction points. And I think let's just be real. Yeah? Because what I don't want to be is a great hope this is, like, intricate and quite complex. So I think it's just be pragmatic about it. Yeah, citizen, this gives us an opportunity. We're telling a deal, whatever,

Speaker 4  1:18:13  
but just one more time, if you guys, I think you'll have think people have been done for last year and a half,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:21  
two years doing things that were

Speaker 4  1:18:25  
never done. You've heard people new catalogue comes 1516, I joined in 18. I took over catalogue in 23 and totally me and both have been told, oh my god, you guys are slow, something that hasn't been delivered for like 11 years, cannot be slow in a year and a half. So I think team needs a bit of a motivation and appreciation that this has been a complex problem and touches everybody that coming from you or I can say that, Errol can say that it would probably, I

Speaker 2  1:18:52  
don't, honestly, I don't think I yet have a place to speak to the team. You have to endorse me. That's it's not for me. But that's to, like, give a big speech. I just don't believe in those. You say, Listen, I don't work with this guy. You know, it brings a cut, brings a bring it gives you a lever. That's all I want to hear that. I don't want to be like, Hey, this is a big

Speaker 3  1:19:17  
that's the sole purpose, and like bringing In Jimmy to help with rules and Doing

Unknown Speaker  1:19:22  
No

Unknown Speaker  1:19:34  
talking. In the Office

Unknown Speaker  1:19:49  
of people

Unknown Speaker  1:20:02  
I See policies can't be

Unknown Speaker  1:20:33  
said. My everybody, I

Unknown Speaker  1:21:00  
January 9, but that's official. I

Unknown Speaker  1:21:22  
like some parallel universe. Oh, you are in

Speaker 3  1:21:30  
San Francisco. It was a good meeting, but it's just, you know, the all day

Unknown Speaker  1:21:50  
what you doing? There

Speaker 6  1:21:54  
you good. I'll walk past who's speaking to Alex, it's yours. You Do I

Unknown Speaker  1:23:16  
i The we even happened to remember from the conversation when

Speaker 5  1:24:08  
we were at the table, when Steven asked Pete What was our end game goal

Unknown Speaker  1:24:13  
with Silver Lake, and he gave us a number, And I can't remember. He couldn't remember the

Speaker 5  1:24:20  
number 3x was there a number? It was just 3x three times their investment. Yeah, what was the number? I was telling Brad and Robert. Okay. Everyone else was working to five and 10x i

Unknown Speaker  1:24:37  
just working for 3x so that's

Speaker 5  1:24:41  
the slight disjoint, but as long As it's not half x, I'm okay with that. You

Unknown Speaker  1:25:08  
late night. Thank you. I

Unknown Speaker  1:25:26  
My derailed as soon as I teed up.

Speaker 3  1:25:31  
And literally, there were probably seven, like, first of all, there were about 40 people in attendance. I think the majority came up for our session. And when we went through the experience and vision, they're like, I want it. I want it now. And some of the interesting questions were, you know, I said, this is an sp a that can be rendered and compiled and therefore dropped into as react. But it could be dropped into your WordPress. It could be dropped into any of your existing capabilities and or, you know, over time, as we evolve our C about I shared the vision right, the plasmic vision more verbally, and they're like, we want that so overwhelming in the mentee in the room, 100% of the customers wanted that solution. I didn't give them any timeline. I didn't say here's Jimmy's number, but I do have some follow ups, and I'll take the notes and send them over to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:36  
So shifting gears.

Speaker 3  1:26:39  
Well, rolling for rolling, yeah, let's give rolly a minute. But since I'm doing the role, doing a little filler time, I will say really good zag yesterday, a lot of really good conversations. Dynamic Pricing. Well, let me I'm going to kick it off in a moment. But the vision that we presented at the off site, it was literally every single person in that room understood it and bought into it. And you know, when I presented it, I would say we are in the fifth phase of E commerce. And being very specific, what is happening is we're shifting from people logging into websites or people talking to their sales reps. But you know what we're going to see as we move to the future, number one is outcome based commerce. Number two, the industry went very aggressively toward mock and component based commerce, and now there is a shift back to customers wanting a more robust out of the box solution, as validated, as dragged, but most importantly, where I started to go.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
