Speaker 1  0:05  
Good, yeah, that's mine, but it's okay, good man, yeah. So listen, I appreciate you making the time. I had some general questions that I wanted to get your input in. I've got to write a strategy for this acquisition to order domain now, which is kind of, you know, acquisition to order, and then order to cash and and, as I said to you before, you have quite a broad view, which is both current and also you have history to it, right? So you understand, I don't know how much you've touched CPQ

Speaker 1  0:44  
a lot, a lot. Okay, so

Speaker 2  0:47  
the whole new cpqx thinking is actually mine. Okay, good.

Speaker 1  0:51  
Well, that's I'm in the right place then. So my question is this, what we it would be an exercise in futility to kind of try and change the core road maps, right? We've got manfreds is baked in I'm speaking. Obviously there's some questions I've got around things like vibe quoting, and I think you and I talked about it. Errol's got his, you know, at stack ranked, very precise merchandising objectives, BC, you know, I'm still talking about BCS and zems and this kind of stuff. So I

Speaker 2  1:23  
feel they're part of 80. Yeah, they're part of the 80, right?

Speaker 1  1:27  
Okay. I mean, it's a big list for a small engineering team, although there's some new engineers going to come into that team. But it's kind of you've got, what you don't want to do is get your fingers into those. There's subtle ways to change the stack ranking within those things. But at the core those things, you know where we are now in our 2627 planning, they're, they're kind of well formed, right? So there's some things that you can shape there. But in my, in my thinking, there's this kind of Venn Diagram of where these things intersect. And in my mind, the intersection is where the broader story takes place, right? So if I go to market and I say, well, kind of CP, you know, they're not interested in the capabilities necessarily, of catalogue or the capabilities of CPQ, it's at the edges, like, how do these things build capability, platform capability, to Pete's point about, you know, being able to deploy easily these systems join up, etc, etc. So I kind of thinking, I think of the intersections as the scaffolding around the product roadmaps, right? So you have these product roadmaps, and then at the edges, there's this scaffolding. And it feels to me like engineering architecture is where a lot of this scaffolding lives, right? So how does CPQ use catalogue when you talk about vibe quoting? How do you bring compliance into vibe quoting so that it's actually fit for purpose. You know, where we think about experiences? How are we thinking about those experiences being accessible to businesses that don't want to use separate and have their own orchestration management out there? You know, what's the surface area? So my question to you, and I apologise that it's a broad question, but how do you think about what is the way that we should think about approaching that problem? Because I think you've mentioned it a few times. You've gone these teams just don't speak to each other, right? Like there's not a lot of coordination across the business, and I feel like there should be, but I want to first understand why there isn't, and what your thinking is. So I'm going to pause, why

Speaker 2  3:53  
doesn't matter, Jonathan, why doesn't matter because

Speaker 2  3:58  
different different priorities and different motivations will lead to this behaviour. The question over here should rather be, what do we need to do to force the alignment, to force the alignment in a way that they see that the incentive comes if we achieve it together, not that I achieved my roadmap, and then others need to follow. And it's not just this problem localised over here, in my view. And I, I say that all the time, but I'm, I'm happy to concede, if people feel I'm wrong, it's a Zora wide problem across all the product orgs. It is not just these two little things. You talk about, commerce going out all the way to the orders, same problem. Commerce all the way out to the rating, same problem. So it's not that. But what I'm trying to, I was, why I pulled out whiteboard, is I think we need to align people to one mental model first. Once the mental model is there, which is literally 30,000 foot. We come to 2010, five, and then to the ground right. Now, what happens is like, let's, let's do this. So for example, I have experience. Experience is my product display pages, my God, experience and what have you okay. Now this guy will, in some shape, way, form, talk to the catalogue. Okay. Catalogue needs to take input from my rules and constraints, which we keep on calling merchandising rules and what have you. I don't care what the name we use, so it needs to take inputs from this, okay? Because, in my opinion, catalogue is just catalogue. What do you sell and how do you sell? The constraints and rules are overarching commerce constraints and rules. Okay, now here I get something which I call sales motion, sales motion or GTM flows your experience, takes input from this. It should be the other way. It should not be this way. So consider this your sales rules, or go or guided selling rules, and what have you. Okay. Now, if I keep on moving somewhere here, I'm going to have come on over here. I'm going to copy this over here, somewhere here. I'm going to have pricing engine and reading. Okay, so this guy ultimately feeds here, yeah, catalogue feeds here. And ultimately this guy also talked to this guy because I have to do karting and experiences as well. Why do

Speaker 2  7:07  
great. Okay, now you're going to build other applications behind it. Let's say I build my coding application, loading right coding ultimately talks to catalogue as well. Why? Because of this configuration, good, okay, and I keep on going from here on right. But if I break coding down, what is it that coding needs? Let's break it down. Coding needs list of product

Speaker 2  7:54  
colours. Let's do this way. This is better.

Speaker 2  8:17  
And some basic obvious things, which is

Speaker 2  8:26  
PDF chain, and all that, PDF chain, etc. And then you got guided selling flows.

Speaker 2  8:37  
Now let's try to rationalise from this. What are the common elements? If I look at the common elements, I need to know, products, plans, prices, price evaluation, rules and constraints, widgets for commerce, experience, which is car. Let's just make it smaller.

Speaker 2  9:09  
Dots, browsing, etc, etc,

Speaker 2  9:12  
where I'm going with this. You got only a bunch of handful of functionalities here, prices, entitlements, right? How do we enforce entitlement? Is a completely different thing. Probably not. Should not be here. That's a different thing. That's a more on the edge kind of or a self bound system where fulfilment happens or entitlements happens on the check happens on the other side. But if I tie everything like this, you will invariably find there are synergies between coding and experience. You will invariably find that I cannot do anything in catalogue without pricing engine being influenced. Pricing engine needs to work with rules and constraints. And how are we thinking in tomorrow's world where I'm going to have so many, this is my philosophy. I'm going to have so many front ends where commerce is going to happen that my widgets probably are not going to be needed. Commerce is probably going to happen through chat, GPT apps or, you know, apps embedded within that. So should I do it right now? Maybe I should, because it's two years. Maybe I'll make some money and be sticky for that, and then I can evolve. But then the question is, whatever I'm doing here, how do I use it here? If I'm doing vibe coating here, why am I not doing vibe widgets that are actually usable here? So there is a whole lot of synergy. When I think about it, I elevate myself, and I take a 30,000 foot balcony view. And I'm like, we are pumping engineers in so many directions, and ultimately I can rationalise them together. I can contextualise what they need to do. Say the experience is going to be this, while coding experience is defined by one person and one person, that's it, and then coating can modify that, or catalogue can modify that. What is the difference? The difference is persona. If I as a customer go in, I do not see a lot many features. I do not see that I can modify things. If I go in as a salesperson, I get more tooling. Sure, this is like 20 years old or 10 year old software where permission driven experiences have been done, that's the same thing that we need to do, but since we are running in parallel paths, I believe we haven't thought of rationalisation rules and constraints. I started talking about it eight months ago, that I want one commerce rules engine. When I say one commerce rule engine, one commerce rules owner that caters to CPQ and that caters to your catalogue, B to C. Commerce, if so, be it or Subscriber Portal or what have you, it should not be too.

Speaker 1  11:50  
Yeah. So you and I are completely aligned, right? I think exactly the way my diagram is a Venn diagram with the intersections pretty similar to yours. I this, you talk about 30,000 foot I think of it like a sandwich. You know, the top layer the bread is the story. Underneath is the engineering. You've talked about the story of the engineering in the middle is the product. You know, is it lettuce, tomato, cheese, and whatever you synthesise the product requirements with, with the view of the story and the engineering partners, right? So that that's, I don't believe, starting from the middle and working out. I think you start with the principles, 30,000 foot engineering capability, what you've just talked about in the working so we 100% aligned. There's a couple of things I had to ask you, price, pricing, engine, rating, what I mean I understand merchandising, so I'm trying to synthesise a lot of what Errol's documentation tells me into something that I can understand a bit better. So rules and constraints is, is what he calls merchandising. Where is, what is pricing engine and rating in your language or in his language? Where's the join in that? So the price waterfall he talks about,

Speaker 2  13:09  
no. So okay, this is where

Speaker 2  13:13  
whatever I'm explaining to you is exactly what I've been explaining to Errol ever since he has been on board. Right? He does have his choice of words, yeah, right. Waterfall is an outcome, okay, price waterfall is and I told him as well, price waterfall is not a feature. It's an outcome. Yeah? And it should be a no brainer. What is it? Basically, I have I'm building a cart. While building a cart, some of my rules and constraints are gonna get triggered, yeah, or maybe some of my deterministic constraints are gonna get triggered, which are ways, basically hard coded. You buy this, you get 10% discount, okay, yeah. The outcome of, how did I arrive at the final card that I'm going to check out is price waterfall, yeah, okay, good outcome. But who, how do I get there? I get there with these and these, because pricing engine is the evaluation engine that knows how to interpret discounts, that knows how to handle billing period, how to handle, you know, leap years, those kind of rules, all of those things pricing engine knows, has that been

Speaker 1  14:18  
charge model, but the waterfall as the as the outcome the engine is exists, whatever. So yes or no,

Speaker 2  14:27  
engine exists, but engine will have to be enhanced. We cannot support everything today that we need to do. So, for example, if you go to the engine and say, Dude, how did you calculate? Engine? Won't tell you that today. Engine says, I know I calculated it right, take it and show to the customer, but he's like, No, show me proof of work. Engine doesn't have it. So rather than me building pricing waterfall in commerce, I would rather put it in the pricing engine and rating and say everyone has access to it. Now, okay,

Speaker 1  14:56  
all right, so you and I are completely aligned.

Speaker 1  15:00  
I agree with you that why doesn't matter. Where I disagree with you is that creating a holistic vision that people will buy into will work, right, to be completely transparent. You know, Errol has a very baked view of what he wants to do, right? I think it's an exercise in futility at this stage to try and unpick what Errol wants to do. It's a case of looking at the road map which makes sense, and letting him execute it at the level of granularity that he wants, RIGHT? Jimmy, also, again, I'm being completely transparent with you, Jimmy. I don't know how much time you spent with Jimmy.

Speaker 1  15:45  
You have a lot,

Speaker 2  15:46  
so a reasonable amount to understand that he is like at this stage where we are not moving. I just need to move,

Speaker 1  15:54  
yeah, exactly, exactly, yeah, which is, which is risky, because I have to have a high degree of trust in that. That's the direction you're going with. I'm not going to move. Jimmy hates being challenged, which is just a natural process of product conceptualization and internalisation, you know, open debate, push back challenge, but it's kind of I have to get to that point. Well, yeah, but when you get to that point and it's wrong, you know, I'm the person that let you get to that point now, right? So, so I saw, so that's, that's a, you know, he's young, so he kind of, and he comes from GS, so that's probably kind of baked into his

Speaker 2  16:35  
DNA, right? Yeah, my, my solution is what I'm going to, I'm

Speaker 1  16:39  
going with that, right? And when you ask me why it's like, because that's what I told you I'm doing. So not really, but anyway, that's my problem. Manfred, on the other side is, is quite open and collaborative, and you know, he, he is interested in opinions, but on the other side, he gets, can get forced in a direction, right? You know, external influence comes and says, Hey, we're going to go in that direction. He's like, Yeah, okay, let's go in. How fast you want to go? So I my relationship with Manfred Jimmy, and they're all very different. Alex and Sean on the other side of Zephyr, you know, trying to, they're trying to internalise where they are in the stack. And so there's a lot of things there, and then there's that, right? So we so my point is that trying to manage all of those different personalities feels very challenging to get to move them in a direction, right? It takes time. It takes time, but, but what I do have, and I said this before, is I have people like you who share the problem statement, right, and, and what I'm trying to work out is it is much easier to say, Listen, the strategy is a single thing, which means that as a forcing function, that single thing has to do this across these things that is bought into engineering and product leadership, and therefore, this is The this is the thing we have to now cater for right now. That might disrupt product roadmaps a little bit. It might expand capabilities a little bit, but it forces the join. And I've seen with we had quite an uncomfortable conversation between on the experiences side, with Alan and Alex and Sean and Jimmy and Taylor and and Errol. And what was interesting? So I know this is long narrative, what was interesting about that is that we largely came to the direction that Errol and Jimmy wanted to go in, but everyone understood and had internalised what that meant. It was a it was a share. Instead of, hey, go read the 80 page documentation that I wrote, and read the 65 JIRAs that are, which no one's ever going to do, people began to say, okay, I can, I can kind of get where these guys are coming from now, and we have a shared vision and and we can talk about that separately. So my question to you is, if we accept certain inevitables, that you're not going to change Jimmy or Errol or make Manfred less malleable and all this kind of stuff, and that these are good, thoughtful people who understand with good intent what their products should do, where do we focus on the intersection as an as an art, because it's an architectural principle. So that's what I'm asking now.

Speaker 2  19:48  
So when I say these things, I mean, you can always probably assume that I'm always aware of the practicality of this and the reality that people will have to execute. I'm never saying that we got to stop them. Let them execute. Let's help them as well. But you have to decide what is the core forum which you need to establish so that and set a timeline. Hypothetically, let's say first week of January. We should have a holistic vision of Zora commerce and orders. And CPQ is part of commerce by first week of January. Whoever that is, okay. Now we have taken and synthesised the inputs from various sources. Magnifit is a source. Errol is a source. Jimmy is a source. But if you feel that they're going to come there and say, no, no, no, no. Why are you disrupting it? We are not disrupting we are helping you in moving on your individual goals whilst accepting or trying to change whatever we can in that little window, we set ourselves a target. This is how at least my brain works and how I used to we set ourselves a target that first of March, that vision and that execution plan is open to everyone. In that execution plan will be things you are doing, and we won't touch things we are doing. We will rationalise things we are doing that are deprioritized. Rationalising means, hey, this guy wanted it. This guy wanted it. We are going to change, evolve, but you'll get the outcome. I think the motivation has to be about the outcome and not execution. And I do not feel if I take a union of all the outcomes that are wanted, then we will be very far off a strategic architecture that we want out as well, or that I want out as well, or you want as well, and seeing that you are very much aligned with how we are very much aligned with how we think that union is not something that has come out in the open and people are afraid, because the moment you put energy into unioning and rationalising, you lose time. So separate out the execution team from the thinking team, and thinking team then can come to the execution team and say, throw darts at me. Let me tell you how I'm still going to achieve the outcome, and then we refine it so it has matured to a degree where thinking team doesn't feel I've been completely sidelined. But at the same time, not everyone is in the same discussion. Because everyone in the same discussion means it is absolutely a recipe for you heading to a derailment. Yeah. Now that's how, at least, I think once that is to a point where people see, yeah, I'm getting everything. But who's doing it is changing, or how we are approaching it is changing, the outcome is there. I think people will native, naturally buy in.

Speaker 1  22:42  
I agree. I agree. This is kind of organisational dynamics as well, though, right? So there's a psychology here. But the way you've, you know, I completely buy into that. I mean, I think the what is sensitive about that is that you say, Listen, there is an architectural principle here, right? I'm the head of architecture, there's an architectural principle. I have an objective. As a product leader or product multiple product owner, I also share that objective, right? It has both. It has both a qualitative value in that people unify across a message. It's not just a project, right? They understand what the total goal is. The value of that is, if the project lead, product leaders, can understand that, the market can at the field, can understand that, and the analysts will understand that, right? And Silver Lake will understand that, right? So there's that. That's the top piece of the sandwich. I like the idea, you know, I you, when you do this kind of thing, you need a safe place. And I think the safe place is architectural principles, right? What are we trying to do as a business? And if I go to Pete and Shakir and say, Listen, nav, and I seem to have a shit, we come at this from completely different lenses. We've not, we've not aligned on this. We were aligned from the beginning. And we have an architect, we have both a product and an architectural principle, which is this, I don't think Shakir or Pete are going to even bat an eyelid. They're going to say, Absolutely, that's the way to go. Now my question to you is, again, throwing darts at the idea, and because we can talk about how we get there, this, to me, feels like it's obvious and so what? And it's, again, this is not a criticism of Pete or Shakir. Why do you think this has not happened?

Speaker 2  24:30  
I knew you would ask it. I knew that's where you were going. That's why I had the answer already. Thought of I was just waiting for you to ask because I didn't

Speaker 1  24:41  
want don't make it don't make it so obvious. Now, at least Throw me a bone. Man, Throw me a bone.

Speaker 2  24:45  
Yeah, no, it is. So I'll tell you why it happened.

Speaker 2  24:50  
Manfred and Errol, they joined at different times. Okay, Errol joined. He had me. I could give him a brain dump. And even then, to come to the point that guys, entitlement is very important. Took him a year ask him, and I'm hoping he'll acknowledge that yes, I told nav, entitlements is not important. Don't focus on that. And now I'm saying yes, it is important. Right to focus on integration of entitlement to metering, because we are getting challenges from the customer. How do you do quota based entitlements? If you don't have metering in there, should I develop me ring? But why should i i have metering already? So bringing the team together has its own cost to it. It's a tax, organisational tax you pay. Then comes Manfred. Manfred's goal was, let me take CPQ further, and I've tried to bring them together all the times. I've tried to mediate it. Because Manfred is like, I got a rule engine. I'm like, No, hang on. You need an outcome, an outcome from the rule engine. Commerce needs an outcome from the rule engine. Do not associate with rule engine. You associate yourself with an outcome, and then you associate with the NFRs. I can give you like a human who's responding from the back, you should be fine with that if I meet your requirements. Of course, there's an elegance in architecture. We'll talk about that. But I think people don't align, because inherently, when Manfred came his his reward function was different. Errol's reward function is super different. They collide and Manfred built his roadmap. Errol built his roadmap. The goal is not, let's come up with a commerce roadmap, because they did not. And shaker is great in so many things, but one thing that Shakir didn't see is this, right? He cannot be in deeper. He's in so many places that he did not have. He does not have time to unify these things. So when Manfred and Errol talk, or Manfred and Errol talk, they what do they talk about? They talk about dependencies. I want to, yeah, that's a big deal. Talk about, let's talk about the outcome. Yeah, that's

Speaker 1  26:55  
so true. It's always a friction point of dependencies. You haven't given me the dependencies instead of what is the outcome we're looking to achieve, and how do we Yeah, okay, so let me ask you a question then. So again, I like to try and navigate around. What's it? Just

Speaker 2  27:15  
one more. One more statement. Yeah. I could have been more effective. I have been trying to push it as well, and I have gotten wins. For example, pulling rules out away from Manfred and Errol has been a win. There are a bunch of other wins as well that I got on the way. But until and unless my product counterparts do not align and don't see value in it, I will always struggle, because they get their last say, they will say yes. Now your architecture is elegant, but I got to deliver, mate, and I got to deliver tomorrow, and then I have to sit

Speaker 1  27:47  
back. Well, that's why you and I, that's why that's why I've come to you yes. So

Speaker 2  27:52  
that's why, that's why I'm excited about this as well. Yeah. Now finally, you can have one vision, yeah,

Speaker 1  27:56  
exactly, and that there's a there's a nuance to how this all gets done, which I think you have a sensitivity to, which is what I like, right? It's not just like, are we going to force them to do this? There is a there is a human component to this. So my question is, this, in these intersections, it feels like, so, so the eye. So if you take the core catalogue, which is Errol's domain, right? And this idea of rules, you know, cascading rules and chaining, and, you know, he keeps talking about multi arm bandit and all that kind of stuff. Do you to me, it feels like what you have to do is, you have to say, Listen, this is and again, if we accept our own principles. This is the core catalogue work, right? That team needs to deliver that thing. But at the intersection there's this other thing, where there are, there are these, these cross functional requirements, right? Then, dependencies, whatever you want to call them. It feels like you abstract those out, right? You say, Okay, listen, we understand the needs of here. We understand the needs of here. This thing is a, I know, if you call it a micro service, or it's a whatever that is, it does this thing. And as you say, Errol, it's going to give you your outcome. And, Manfred, it's going to give you your outcome. You are stakeholders in this, right? So your input is absolutely essential, but, and it's the execution and the thinking team motion that you talked about so, so on my list of things like zems, right? BCS, you know, these feel like external services. You're saying that price, the rules engine, is an

Speaker 2  29:45  
rules and constraint and pricing in general,

Speaker 1  29:48  
also, right? Okay, let's think

Speaker 2  29:51  
of it as a commerce, as a platform, and then commerce applications,

Speaker 1  29:55  
and then got enormous applications, okay? And then those things would be exposed internally. They could be exposed externally. All right, my question to you is, then, I mean, there's a lot of distance between that, that objective, and actually getting, all, you know, the buy in from from the product teams. How would you, or let me ask you a different question, what's your muscle in this right, in your role? What? What are you tasked with delivering? Is it delivering extensibility, logical architecture, reusable applications across multiple products, teams? What is what is Pete tasked you with three

Speaker 2  30:42  
things, one, which is the foremost is when we go in front of the analysts, and if we go in front of the customers, we could expose how our product is built. And we can stand the test of everyone and say, so there is no need for me to worry that whatever the channel be, Zodiac supports everything the same way the logic is in one place, basically the proof that the brain is consolidated. If CPQ uses a different brain, catalogue uses a different brain, people are going to have different problems. That means never be a true omni channel. That is one thing. Second is scalability and removing the biases out of the architectural choices. Biases are. I am an engineer. I've been doing certain things certain way. I'm a PM, doing certain things certain way. I can keep on putting things on top of it, rather than using something that others can do or will do, that ideally should give me velocity. But we kind of fall in the trap of feeling, if I do it, I'll do it faster, and I'll be done with it for then, for that little time, time slice, it gives me velocity. But for, you know, delta t, large enough on an enterprise scale, that velocity comes down, because as the time passes, you realise that others have done something that I'll have to repeat. And that

Speaker 2  32:20  
is how it is how it is that is absolutely the truth and auditability, if you have to build auditability, major two principles. And the third principle is, how do we build an architecture for future with an eye that tomorrow we're going to need to do this, and we are not having to redo in Zora, we redo bunch of things.

Speaker 1  32:35  
So this is square in your wheel. This is square in your wheelhouse. What talking seems to be your job description.

Speaker 2  32:44  
This is actually my job description, but me and adult talking was also part of job description. But that time I was doing a job, and I'm so happy to to find you in that, because that was your role. I'll tell you why I said that this was my job. But convincing Errol, or convincing Manfred to come together and talk, and then convincing her that let's go to orders team or rating team and then talk together. Sounded like, Okay, I am investing too much in that space. And I know Errol wants to move forward. His intent is right, and he has been burnt out by oh, these guys are not going to help. They don't understand it. But when you have one person at the top, that person like, will they work with you? Will they not work with you? Is not your thought process. It's my job to make them work correct and right. I do not have an authority on them. I have an influence on them. You have an authority. It's a very different thing,

Speaker 1  33:38  
totally Well, you're a mediator, a broker, right? But the thing is, is that my I am, I need, I said this last week, is that you need partners in this journey, right? So, for example, what is very straightforward for Errol to do is to say, I've been in pricing for 30 years, right? I know what. I know what should happen, right? So I go, okay, that's fine. I spoke to him the other day. He's been talking about the catalogue. He then says, actually, the catalogue is not that great because of backwards compatibility. The real thing we should be focusing on is the commerce experience around it, right? That all the capabilities around that that's fine. I get that. That makes perfect sense to me. Manfred, I spoke to about vibe quoting, and I said, Look, you know, I don't know as much about CPQ as you do, but it seems to me that the compliance is pretty high on the list of things that CPQ needs to do, right? Can you just tell me, at that last phase when you vibe quoted out a quote, where's the when someone clicks, that's my vibe quote, are they just going to get a computer says no, because it runs a bunch of compliance in the back end, and then says, Hey, no, you can't that all that vibe quoting you just did is not compliant, which means a really bad experience, and what I learned was, is that compliance is not even baked in to write quotes.

Speaker 2  35:06  
Have you seen this thing that I did, although I got thrown out of the room for that, but I still am fairly proud of that.

Speaker 2  35:21  
And I presented, these are the things that people were like, Oh no, this is a lot. I'm like, You can't live without that, so I'm not dictating that how we pre code binary. This is a binary. Why is this a binary? I so when I presented adaptive coding, yes, this is just a prototype I did just to explain my concept. Are

Speaker 1  35:51  
you sharing your screen? I'm sorry I thought the

Speaker 2  35:55  
whiteboard would shift to this. So this is what I presented to these guys, that this is what I want. Yeah, you go in. Here you go in. Here you have some precedent, and hence the probability of how quickly I can get approved, or will I get approved or not. Now, what's happening here is you quickly get all the compliance over here that what are the rules I had laid out, what are the priorities and what is the risk and how much I know it'll match if I push through this. Yeah, right. So this was just a concept that I was saying that, for example, if I say at 20% discount, 20% discount to all line items, there you go. Yeah, right, yeah. Cool. So now it just gives me an alert. You got to consider applying some repairs, because something has changed, some discount or band has changed, whatever it is, right? The point was, this was not accepted. This was like, this is now we don't need it. We just need a code. And then you put it in CPQ. CPQ will run all the compliance I'm like, that is basically you are making it much longer for me to get to where I want to be. So don't, don't do that to me. I won't like it that you tell me, Hey, push it to publish it to CPQ. Then in CPQ you have a bunch of alerts.

Speaker 1  37:17  
That's a bad experience, because it's like, what happens in you in UX land, I click, I spend a lot of time doing that thing right, unless in line the compliance is being calculated. When I click publish and it goes to CPQ, what I have to click, keep clicking publish to get it's like, it's like, whack a mow. You know, it's like, I'm gonna whack that one over there. I'm gonna whack that one over there. Yeah, that doesn't seem logical to me.

Speaker 2  37:46  
Yeah. I mean, they not continue back and forth. They were saying, push it to CPQ. And then there are people who are used to doing detailed work, they'll clean it up. I'm like, by the time they're gonna clean it up,

Speaker 1  37:58  
might as well quoted it out formally. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  38:03  
I have to pick up a phone call to Jonathan and say, Jonathan, I changed your code. You were expecting an ACV of 180k I cannot give you that it's going to be 140k

Speaker 1  38:12  
because the salesman needs to do all of that, not the of course. Okay, so, yes, that's a different battle. I suspect that's driven by team, you know, that is driven by, yeah, he wants something up and quick. And then, you know, the UX, the detail, that last mile that breaks everything, that that's where the that's where the margin of performance is.

Speaker 2  38:34  
And I think his philosophy is, let me get something up quick and dirty. That's okay, and then I'll back them. Everyone that customer is asking, Do it? Do it. Do it. That's not how I feel. That's one of the reason why I was told, now we need you away from CPQ. Now in the very polite way, I could see that, because I was like, No, don't do this.

Speaker 1  38:57  
Listen, I don't know CPQ. And I came to that conclusion in 10 seconds. Yeah, right. Is like it's that's a really bad engineering pattern to get into. In my view,

Speaker 2  39:07  
you can do wipe coding with chat GPT today. I can do wipe coding, and I can actually what I need. I need a DSL of Zora, all the structure of Zora, which, by the way, my charge GPT instance knows. And I can literally quickly say, start building a code. It will build a code. It will do goals. I don't need anything. What's important is the rules that are in your business that I need to learn from and enforce. The compliance is what will sell. Nobody will buy my tool without

Speaker 1  39:36  
that, you have to buy. You have to bake it in at the root, right at the root of that five quoting. The other thing is, is what it also misses. And I've been back testing this with Errol and other people who know CPQ. What CPQ doesn't capture is any of the behavioural dynamics. I think I mentioned it, or may or may not mentioned it. If I sell you 100 seats knowing that the utilisation is 65% across these features on those 100 seats, and then 30 of those seats have got low. So if you, if you think about that, whether or not that becomes a capability, if you don't bake it in, in the same pattern at the time of the quote, right? That's that you okay, there's really high utilisation over there. What would happen if I actually didn't discount the highly utilised seats as much as I discounted the low utilised seats, unless that's baked in at the vibe, the validation, it becomes just, it's just a front end thing, right? It's like, it doesn't become any All right? So again, there's not much. I think I remember the first days that you and I met with each other. There wasn't much daylight between you and I. So I think that's a we have to use that, because I also feel, even if we disagree, we'll be able to get to a really logical outcome. Because I'm not baked in stone, and I don't think you're baked in stone, right. There's kind of let me hear the let me hear why this is going to work. So my right in my my presentation is going to be all about the edges. It's like the principle that I talked about, but I think it has to have a point of view. And the point of view is that, My bet is around the architecture, that the things that you're being asked to do. My bet is it's at the edges, and the edges doesn't touch the road map. It creates the scaffolding around the road maps, and it and it builds concepts where we look at the join and we look at the abstraction, and we look at the analysts, and I'll speak to Maria, and I want to speak to the sales teams. And also, the other thing that it does now is this, at the top Silver Lake want B to B, right? Complex SaaS. But when you go down to the organisation, they don't want B to B, complex sauce. What they want is B to C, B to B, pl, G, B, to be kind of complex, but not so complex, very complex. It's like a whole smorgasbord at the bottom that what you're talking about when you think about these this application concept is where the pick and mix comes in, right? And when you go to analysts and you say, Listen, centralised applications, use cases are defined by what piece of the organisation you touch, but the engine underneath

Speaker 2  42:34  
that's that's the thing. Okay, so I'll tell you my struggle. What I'm struggling with. I this is 100% when you say scaffolding, basically, in other words, you're saying you still get the same outcome that you are looking for. Don't, don't think that I'm here to disrupt you, but we are going to structure it in a way that maybe you're doing what you're doing right now. In two months, you will feel a little bit of changes, but six months down, you're going to be like now, it's just smooth. Everything is there. I just have to pick and choose and just run with it. My struggle is I feel I'm still looking for a formula or looking for a way to engage and ignite that spirit in everyone. When I talk to people, everybody is all about timeline and I need to deliver it tomorrow. Nobody is about this core. And I fed this back to Peter as well, to Shakira as well, move as well. In my experience, Shakir has come back to me. Navia customers are asking for, I cannot stop it. Okay with like, whatever pm says, I'm doing it. I'm like, I

Speaker 1  43:41  
had a situation the other day now where someone said to me, Toyota needs experiences, and it's a $300,000 deal. And if we don't build my account, then we will not get experience. We will not get the $300,000 deal. So I thought that's kind of interesting. So I go to the CS org and the AE and the solution consultants, and it's not that what they want is a slightly more configurable payment form that they can send out to the customer, for the customer to buy the like, so that there's, it's all at the edges, right? It's all it's all in the nuance. And I validate always right? I never trust. I always validate. I hear what you're saying, but I need to validate that that drives people. It drives Errol fucking nuts. He hates that, right? That I did not just trust. So anyway, I have to make a bet. Right? My bet is what I talked about at the beginning. The story is the field wants 50 million to a billion vendor for life, right? They want to be able to compete with stripe. They want light CPQ. They want light billing. They want basically, they want the customer to know that in three years they're not going to have to rip out their billing system. You know, they want to go and say, Listen, don't go with stripe. If you go with stripe, you're gonna have to rip out your billing system in three years time. If you really going to grow the way you want to grow CPQ doesn't cater. You're gonna have to stitch it together. You don't, by the way, you don't need full CPQ. You need, like, a simpler CPQ. Here we're going to give you a transitional architecture right now. To get a transitional architecture, you need exactly what you're describing. So my, my story is on the top is vendor for life. Why vendor for life? The analysts want it, right? Yeah, not, not. Vendor for everything that's different. No, everything. Vendor for life in our space,

Speaker 2  45:43  
in the funnel, yeah, after we drop through the funnel, then you are dropping this whole framework of wonderful life. Yeah.

Speaker 1  45:49  
And there's a I need to talk to you about Zephyr and rules, engine and journey orchestration and what the differences are. But that's probably for another call I might try and get you before Thanksgiving, if, if you got time, yeah. But that there's a benefit. So this is what the analysts want, what the field want, what the PM, team, product marketing managers want up there. Then there's this guy over here who wants an art who's been tasked with unified architecture, like, you know, good core principles,

Speaker 1  46:25  
combined services,

Speaker 1  46:29  
roadmaps that can still run fast, but using shared architecture or shared principles, all of that kind of stuff. And I buy that I'm buying what nav is selling right now, if Shakir, but if Shakir and Pete come, want to come back to me and say no, right? Then, then I'll go, Well, I'm buying what now selling. You got the wrong guy in the job, right? I believe in that. I'm not going to

Speaker 2  46:55  
do anything. I'm not having a problem. Okay? Pete wants it, but Pete is informed by Shakir and Moo, if Shakira and Moo say, this will delay our delivery to Twilio trade, web, these kind of things. Then Pete will come to me and say, Now, can we just do something here? That's why I keep on saying. I have never said we do not focus on immediate, but you don't lose your future for the for the present, and just you have to continue to build future. And I believe what we're doing right now actually questions me to think about like, would it scale? Would it give me pace? Would it give me velocity? I'm not saying that I have made all the right decisions. One of the decision that I probably should have stuck to is building out catalogue features, rather than catalogue as a service, which Pete and then were 100% like? No, we want a separate service. We need to prove that we can do modularization. We did it. I'm not against that. We didn't, but one of the principle in there, which we had to follow was backward compatibility.

Speaker 1  47:57  
Yeah, that that's limited. The category

Speaker 2  48:02  
compromised so many things. Yeah, exactly, yeah. But, anyway,

Speaker 1  48:06  
no, no, I agree with you, and I've heard that and so but I think, I think the only way to do this is say, Listen, Pete, this wouldn't be explicit. This kind of Pete, you put this guy in charge of doing these three things, right? That's the architectural principles the field over here wants the same thing, but just represented in a different way, right? But we can't go in and change the product roadmaps. The product roadmaps are baked. They've got, you know, tdds and designed and story points. That's fine, but there are the edges, the edges of the story, right? The connections, the intersections, are the story. That's where we become platform, right? So I'm going to make that bet

Speaker 2  48:50  
exactly that that is the keyboard, that's where we become the platform. Yeah, yes. So

Speaker 1  48:54  
I'm going to make that bet. I'm going to make that better so I'm actually happy. I'm going to step up in front of everyone on the, on the, whatever it is. And I'm going to leave Errol to do this roadmap, and I'll leave Manfred to do his roadmap. But I am going to present this. I'm going to tell them it's coming, so that they're not side, you know, blindsided. I'm bringing them on stage because I want them to have a voice about their own roadmaps. I don't just own it. Oh, this guy's coming in. He so I say we've got 10 minutes for Rome at 10, whatever. But then my pitch is going to be, I'm lining up with NAV because I believe in that, right? So that gives you now I think I've spoken to Ken about that. Ken is lined up on a joined up story because he wants to bring payments in to that story, right?

Speaker 2  49:47  
Should be, yeah, okay, that's an order. Are you owning orders as well, or is it? No, that's Ken. Okay, so orders will line up with this as well, because our orders are not amazing, but it's okay. We can work through that.

Speaker 1  50:00  
But I think Ken, I pitched it to Ken, and he said, Absolutely, that's, that's the story he wants to tell. He's the idea of vendor for life. He calls it forever vendor. I call it vendor for life, but that's the story. So I'm going to tell, I'm doing the due diligence with Emmy Paolo, Mark gagne, Steve Boone, you know, I'm building that story up there. I know where you and I line up. And in the middle, we have to do is take out the cheese, take out the tomato, and then, yes, yeah, okay, well, that's what

Speaker 2  50:30  
we're gonna I'm very comfortable with that. And as I said, my struggle, and Pete knows this as well, is finding the champions in the product, or through whom I can or through, you know, those people I can drive it, I've been able to drive it in bits and pieces, but that's aligning to their incentive, yeah, not aligning to broader reward. So our incentive and reward functions are narrow, because I need to deliver my roadmap. But this is music to my ear, what you just said, because that way I feel like now we can start talking. And guess what? When we are getting to an outcome, people will see they would be resistant, but people will see, oh, not a lot is changing. It's changing how we think and how we approach and how much patience we need before me jumping into I need it tomorrow, like some things need to be baked. That's all I'm asking. I'm not asking Errol to throw away his road map. By no means. I'm saying, let's shape it up. Let's shape it up how we're going to build these pieces. You may have to reorg some pieces, Errol, you don't have rule engine. I'm going to give it to someone else, which is the platform for commerce.

Speaker 1  51:36  
It's music to my ears, because I need, I need, I need a technical partner. These things are not achieved independently. They have to be stories have to be built. So we're going to do this all right, so I'm going to be that champion. I believe 100% in the in the strategy, it lines up right the way through the org. And the only people we have to move slightly is, in fact, I don't think Manfred is going to have a problem. I think the only all that is has a problem is experiences and catalogue, right? But

Speaker 2  52:05  
we'll have to rethink a little bit by forming a story that if the architecture is this, I want people to own components of the architecture itself. Good, okay, I'm

Speaker 1  52:15  
going to come back to you for some input on I want one or two slides that tell your story. So let me shape it up tonight, and then tomorrow morning, and I'll send you maybe a request tomorrow for maybe one or two slides, just to say, Listen, this is the way we think about it. What I don't want to do is, I was thinking about what I what I'd love to do, if I'm being honest with you, is just have you and me up on stage, right? So when Shakir asked me, What do I want? I was like, Well, I was thinking me and now, but then I think I will lose Manfred and Errol if I do that. I can't do that now, that might be next quarter. But I do want to represent your view very deeply baked into what I'm saying. Okay, and I'm going to call you out as well. Cheers. All right, mate. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Bye. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
