Speaker 1  0:00  
We're doing because we're serving our biggest customers. We're the bread and butter, we're the flagship product. And look, I mean, I don't disagree with that, right? From a revenue standpoint, they make the most money, sure, but at the same time, Zora just integrally, has a problem with understanding how our customers require and use our feature sets, right? So even though billing maybe is the flagship, you talk to BMC and they're like, we can't use Zora at all without CPQ, right? So they sign a $2 million contract with us with Zora. They don't care what's on the item list, right? Allocation to Cbq is 22k yet they will literally say they cannot use or without CPQ. So, you know, there's kind of like a, you know, an element of of the importance of feature sets to how Zora operates for our customers and provides value that is just lost, right? But so when we're when we're working with billing team, right? It's, I can't tell you how many times a month, a quarter a year, I get told about a new feature that billing release in an API, billing release as a, you know, one flag, feature flag for a specific customer use case, never told us about it. So I find out from either GS or from a customer that's like, hey, I want to use this thing. It doesn't exist in CPQ. And look, we have 360 ish, a 380 customers using CPQ, right? A little less than half of our billing customer base. So from an important standpoint, I mean, maybe you can say that we're less, you know, less important than, like, you know, billing serving its primary customer base. But I think that that kind of does the entire zoar ecosystem a disservice in terms of how we can scale in the future, right with what you're talking about, which is omni channel. The concept of omnichannel is something that we've been throwing around for five years. I've been here three Chief Product officers, like four different VPs of billing product, and nothing has changed. We've not gotten closer to omni channel. Omni channel. We've not gotten closer to cross product elaboration, between product catalogue, which is integral for CPQ billing, which is critical for everything, right, if they're the hub, everything else is a spoke. And the way that we're serving any customer through any channel that they want to acquire through, right, acquire business through. So that's like 30,000 foot view. And then I can get deeper. I can give you examples. I can go into features, into, like, the nitty gritty, you know, product complexities that, you know, give us challenges. But I think it all comes down to communication. And I think it really comes down to top down leadership, of saying, Hey, this is what our focus is. Our vision is as a suite, not as order to cash. I hate this. I hate hearing order to cash, because I feel like that's like, well, we're way more than that. Yeah, you know, agree, but that's where we kind of live.

Speaker 2  2:50  
That's that. But that's the, that's my pitch. I mean, I've been saying, you know, acquisition the cash was something that I said in a meeting few months after I joined, because I came in through the acquisition of sub x. So I was the founder of sub cash, and I just, I said, in a in a pitch, I got five minutes at the NPR. I actually was a PNT off site, my first off site, I said this acquisition of cash thing, and no one listened. Now, it's a kind of a, it's one of the main things that the org talks about, because we are in the business of acquisition of cash, right? The the to some to varying degrees. You know, DJ or Boone will disagree on that. Shakir might agree. EMEA will agree a lot, because they are much more B to C and B to B, plg led than no am and all this kind of so there's a lot of there's a lot of different lenses on this, but the thing that seems to be self evident, which aligns exactly with what you're talking about, is that omni channel should not be out of reach. Maybe omni channel was out of reach because the catalogue wasn't fit for purpose, right? So maybe that unlock is is one thing. Maybe omni channel was out of reach because we didn't have a good front end experience, right? We had no wrapper to anything. So we've, we've got the experiences product we're building now. So when you take experiences, when you take the new catalogue, when you take this renewed, focused on next, I put vibe quoting to one side, and I'll put cpqx to another side, and just talk about next generation of CPQ when you take those three things together, and then you think about some kind of rules engine that allows us to orchestrate journeys in some way that is omni channel. And in fact, one of the things that I want to try and do with Shakir is I want to show omni channel at sko when is that is second of February. And I think it's a, it's a reach, but, but I think that we have a lot of the the stuff already available. We don't have to do live demos, but we could probably bring something together that's still a, that's a stretch, right? So that, I'm not saying that that's a we're going to do. Over that 100% we may deliver a version. So I'm just getting kicked out by my daughter. You can go and get sorry. Just one second. Okay, yeah, sorry, mate. Just

Unknown Speaker  5:14  
like being at the Zora Zora

Speaker 2  5:16  
fish get kicked out, except I have to move a bit faster when my daughter tells me to leave the lounge. So, so, yeah, I think, I mean, I think it's possible, right? I think it's possible, but I think you hit the nail on the head is that I'll do it now, kiddo, sorry, mate, just give me one second. Sorry. I

Speaker 2  5:51  
Oh, okay, all right, yeah. So I think, I mean, I think it is possible. I want to talk a little bit more about next gen. I want to talk a little bit more about next gen.

Speaker 1  6:04  
CPQ, yeah, and real quick, you know, on on showing omni channel. Me like, I don't know exactly what your vision for omni channel is, but I can tell you, in the past, we've built with, you know, support of GS and salisha Consulting, we've built very quick demos around an E commerce portal that can be picked up through a customer like initiated journey, that then you click a button and it says, Help, help. You know, get a get a sales rep to help me, right? And then that actually created a quote in Zora CPQ that sales rep could come in and open and show exactly what the customer selected. And then, you know, the demo was really to Gartner, Magic Quadrant. It was like, you know, sales rep talks, talks to the customer says, Hey, this is what I've got for you. This is kind of what we're thinking. Do you want to proceed with this? And then, you know, sales rep, hit sensor, generate a PDF, and they give it to the customer, right? So, like that part of, like, Omni channel, I mean, we have the capacity to do it. It's not native. Like, there's some building blocks that we have that you can leverage to kind of build that custom flow. But, I mean, this is, and again, this was, like five years ago, where we're, like, we can, without a big stretch, we can build that as a native element, right? So anyways, we can do that. And if that's something that we're told to focus on, it's not like, in eight months, we'll have this kind of, like omni channel experience, at least from from an E commerce portal to CPQ, right? Like interchangeable, like taking a quote and then, you know, pitching into an E commerce portal, likewise, the other way around. So anyways, I liked, I liked that idea that was something that, although landed from a completeness of vision view to mark Louis at the time, he was like, Yeah, I mean, I know that this is custom built, right? Like, it's not like you don't have a native integration to this stuff. It's kind of like you've plugged the APIs in, which I appreciate, is a possibility, but it's we want to lead with products that are actually like you can purchase and and they work as as they intend. So anyways, like, I mean, I think that it's a really cool idea, and I think that the con, I think that the product catalogue stuff that has been happening is going to be really helpful to all of that and that big picture, but where we keep missing is tying it all back to what Zora does do already really well and has for the last 10 years, and for the customers who have used us for 10 years, is just like critical, right? It's like everyday business flow, create a new subscription, amend an existing subscription. And so a lot of the stuff that, you know, Errol and Tim have been building, although I'm really excited about, kind of constantly trying to remind them, and Manfred as well as and, you know, maybe they'll, if you talk to them about this, they'll say, yeah, like, John's kind of the noisy, you know, kind of thorn in our side, saying, Yeah, well, you need to be able to do this with the billing system. It's like, we need to be able to integrate with the journey customers are on today and how they use the system with the new service, like the new features. And if we don't do that, then sure we can attract net new customers. But like, Okay, I mean, we're What about 1000 customers we have today? That's where I think I get I get lost a lot because we're not thinking about well, if you have an existing subscription, how do you then add a bundle? If you have an existing subscription, how do you then put on a dynamic price product onto that subscription, or change an existing product that's on a subscription to be dynamically priced on renewal. Those things are just things that don't happen today, and the story is you got to replace it, remove it, answer the subscription, add a new and it's like, that's not, that's not the journey our customers want. Like, they don't want to discard 10 years of customer history with a subscription record, because we've had a new feature that actually lets them sell the way they want to.

Speaker 2  9:53  
That's really, so, you know, I like, that's a really, no one's mentioned that to me before, but it makes perfect sense. I think that there. Yeah, so let me. Let me just take that in two parts. Then the first part is so that this is what I love about Zor, is that, depending on who you speak to, Omni channel is a new shiny thing, or it's a thing that's been sat in the corner for a long time, right? Regardless of whether or not it it has ever manifested, the the unlock for this is, first of all, have the story so you articulate it. Well, my story is almost identical, but I kind of put an agent assist journey in the middle, right? How much can the customer do before they need to send it to a service rep, you know, can that? Can that, can they hit a threshold, get an agent to assist them, like a, like a, you know, AI agent, update the self, some kind of self configured view, before they even pass in an email address, before they even need to get to a deal desk or anything like that, you know. So what? There's a sequence there that I think we can refine, but at the root of it is context, right? You've got to be able to pass the customer from one place to other. So we have a context service. I've got Tony Zhang, who's just joined our team, who's thinking about what context should be, and I got nav looking at it, and they're trying to work out, you know, what we kind of we need context. We need a rules engine which is outside, which is not just sitting in catalogue. We need probably some kind of orchestration layer that then execute something on the experiences side. So I call this the intersection. We've never made the intersection the roadmap, right? The bit that ties all of these things together is typically lived in a slightly fragmented road set of road maps, which means there's these cross dependencies, and people don't focus on it, and one team doesn't enable the other team. So what I'm doing is I'm taking these concepts out with Satish and saying, What is the layer that needs to enable everything? CPQ, catalogue experiences, and we make that a roadmap item. We make that a focal point for the for the business, and that seems to be landing. And it then gives us some discipline and focus about what this thing is meant to enable, right? There's this other layer which you talk about, which is, well, we just need to be able to do some basic things that that elsewhere. Now, what's really interesting about that is, if you go, Hey, we need to be able to do these basic things. People go, Yeah, we know that. But you know what? Why would I we haven't done we have never done that. So why should we do it? But when you use omni channel as a forcing function and say, Listen, we can't be building, you know, Agent workflows. We can't be building next generation CPQ and leave these dangling items over here, because it just means we're not a platform. It means that we're we're coupled systems that don't quite speak to each other. And that's what I've been doing with Zephyr. Is when I got into Zephyr to see this thing living as this product that sits on the edge of the Zora platform, which creates an endless number of problems when you have a billing customer, just makes absolutely no sense. So I agree with you 100% and I think there's a join those that we think about what you're saying, which is, you know what's true, Omni channel. How do we properly enable it? And then on the other side, how do we make sure that the billing system doesn't have any fragility in it where you just feel like that just doesn't feel like we're what we're building over here

Speaker 1  13:26  
one day. And I think that it's going to take, you know, it's going to take some deep collaboration with and right to say, you know, hey, we understand, I see managers running. We understand that billing has, you know, led the company to where we are today, but if we continue pursuing features and customer requirements with just the billing perspective, then we're going to continue to flounder in the acquisition perspective. And yeah, and you know, looning will be, I've been working with looning very tightly for six years, and you know, he'll constantly, he'll be the first to tell you, like, Yeah, we don't know anything really about quoting like, we don't know like, John tells us what we need, what he needs, from an API perspective. And then, you know, that's always the afterthought, right? Because I get, I find out about it later. And we tried to do better with the whole big feature thing. We tried to do better with, you know, shaker kind of saying, hey, like, you can't have an EA feature unless it's, you know, works across the suite. But we're not, we're not really, like, no one's really, you know, taking that to heart yet so

Speaker 2  14:43  
well, yeah, I mean, I think I do. I do because it just, you know, when I've spent time with Manfred and Errol and nav and Satish, and then when you talk to sue. Here. And then, when you actually talk to Ken, everyone has the same view, you know, every and Pete talks about it all the time. It's the platform, right? So, if we are truly a platform, then what space are we in? And the bit that is is clear to me is that the field wants to be able to sell anywhere on the sales cycle. They want to be able to drop, you know, we have these boundaries of like, sub 100 million, 100 mil to a billion, large end to complex enterprise. You go to someone in EMEA and talk about complex B to B SARS, they go there. That's fine, but it's only 40% of my business. What I want to do is I want to take 100 million dollar, which is quite big in Europe, 100 million dollar sales, self serve customer, and say to them, Listen, don't bother going with stripe, because you're only going to have to rip it out. Or when you need a CPQ, you're going to have to, you know, you may not need a full blown CPQ. May need something else, some kind of lighter version of CPQ. How do I that? The sales team are pretty simple. They just want to go, Listen, we'll take you on that journey, right? We'll give you, we'll help you scale. We used to do that as an organisation. Apparently, we used to be, you know? We used to, we used to sell to customers who were a lot smaller than the customers we sell to today. So I haven't met anyone that says this is not what we should be doing. But what's interesting to me is like, why? What's been the blocker to doing it, which is just for man, for sakes, what I started off with talking to John about was not, I mean, pitch the strategy a little bit, but I'm really interested in what he's been talking about, which is the cross functional stuff. And he raised this really interesting point about the way billing operates and the way the subscription operates, and how these kind of create disjoints In, in the in, what is, well, not disjoints, but just broken, small, broken pieces of the billing journey, which probably don't support what we think of as being a true best in class, Omni channel product. And I think it's that stuff that probably, that's probably the bit where I'd like to focus. Actually, it'd be really good to try and create a I mean, would you say, John, that that is ranked up in the top three of your thing? You know, if you had a magic wand, top three things you would fix that aren't unlocked for you, or are they just things that frustrate?

Speaker 1  17:38  
You know that? I mean that that is the quintessential unlock to Zora. In my mind, to Zora scaling as a company is, how do the selling motion and the billing motion work hand in hand across any customer journey, any customer segment, right? And, you know, we can go and stand toe to toe with Salesforce, and, you know, RCA, and, you know, insert competitor here, right? Like, I mean, that's the thing, that's the thing that we miss. Like we're so focused on billing being this, like, oh, we can do everything in billing. And Manfred, actually, and I talked about this yesterday, like the complexity that billing can handle is unmatched, right? But it's like, it's like, the, you know, restaurant menu that has 40 pages that they'd serve, you know, everything from seafood to like, you know, Moroccan to like cheeseburgers, like, I don't really want to eat anything off the menu. Like, I'm okay, I'll go, I'll go to the little Italian place that serves only pizza and pasta. Yeah. And so if, if we decided say, hey, look, we're going to do like, these five things. And the five things are like, being able to create, to create a subscription, amend it, renew it, and cancel it, right? And then be able to do usage based and then be able to do bundles. And we did those, those five things, and we did them super well in either billing, from the billing, you know, like billing operations persona, they can create that stuff. They don't, you know, maybe they're a small company or a large company where, like, the deal desk just handles everything, and the deals are much bigger, the volume is much lower, or they're, you know, B to B, or B to any CPQ where, you know, they use source CPQ. And they do those five things over and over again. They do them at scale, right? They do them in large, large volume, but sure, they have the odd case here and there that, like, you know, is so big for them that they don't like, they don't care, their deal desk specialist gets on it, their strategic sales executives on it, and they craft something custom, and that just goes directly to the billing system. It's like, cool, yeah. Like, we don't need to solve for the 1% use cases in CPQ. We just need to solve for, like, the 80, 90% use cases that the majority of the revenue is done in, right? And if we did those five things super, super well. I mean, geez, like, the market opens up for us as a company. And, like, I know very little about Zephyr, to be completely honest, I know very little about. How currently, arrow and, you know, the powers that be in the product organisation want to start building out this kind of context and rules and all of these things. But there's stuff that I've been doing for years, right? Rules is something that Cbq has had since 2016 and so, I mean, it's like we already know how to do this stuff, but we've never had it in a way where you can pick it up in any channel and it's the same stuff.

Speaker 2  20:27  
That's that's the point. So Zephyr, Zephyr knows, Zephyr doesn't have a rules engine. It has a yes, no engine, and the way it's composed, it doesn't have any conditional logic or anything. So, but the the bit that Tony Zhang is looking at is, how do we and also, NAV is kind of thinking about this. My request to them is go away and think about, as I said, these intersection pieces and mantra, and I were in a room with nav and Errol, and there's been some other meetings around this is like a rules engine should be at the intersection. It should be consumed. It should understand all of the different use cases. You know, it can start at point, you know, v1 it can expand. We don't have to build everything all at once, but it just has to be a thing that all teams are consuming. And the utility of that thing in the middle is high for everybody, right? So the fact that CPQ has a rules engine, or Zeph has a rules engine, or catalogue has a rules engine, or whatever that whatever versions of those, there's two problems. You can't have three. You can't have z rules and three Rules Engines. You can, you can't have it because the field. Think about the field, the field doesn't know the field to the field the rules. The rules are rule right? And they get they fall over each other. I have the same issue with with Zephyr and dynamic offers and dynamic pricing in the catalogue, right? You put people don't hear pricing or offer. All they hear is dynamic. And so the message to the field. So there's a lot of layers to this. It's not only at the product level. It's about, how do you combine something so that the field and then the customer can understand what it is that you're selling without you having to caveat or, or, you know, okay, so what here works here, and then we have another thing over here that does that, and then they go, you know, is that the same thing, or is that a different thing? And that makes a lot of, that makes a lot of difference. But I So, I think this is going to flesh out. I've seen two or three documents now which be are beginning to form this intersection layer, right? And the way I positioned it to Manfred and to Errol and and the rest of the business is that that there's two things we need to do. One thing we need to do is preserve and protect the individual roadmaps, right? We do not want to dump a bunch of dependencies on on the teams, right? You don't want to go, Okay, we're shifting the cheese now. There's a whole bunch of new stuff you have to think about. It's a bad pattern. But at the same time, we have to build this intersection layer into which the customer and the stakeholder is CPQ, is

Unknown Speaker  22:59  
catalogue, is the experiences platform.

Speaker 2  23:03  
But equally, it's not a as a customer, you know, stakeholder is one thing, but as a customer, you know, we know how to build for customers, right? So we have to think about what it is that needs to be consumed. And I suspect it's very similar to what you're talking about with billing. Is that billing doesn't see CPQ as a customer. You get the scraps, you know, you get what's given to you, right? That's not how we treat customers. CPQ is a customer. Is a consumer of what billing the surface area that billing gives you, right? And so solving some of these patterns, you either have to say CPQ is a valuable omni channel component. It's not the tail end of the dog. It's a first class citizen that. And I think that doesn't exist everywhere. I think there's a lot of people that think, well, I've seen decks that put CPQ right the centre of this business with some significant revenue uplift, right? And manfred's done all of that, all of that work. So I don't think that's the problem. I think it's trying to achieve a real vision of omnichannel and deliver it.

Speaker 1  23:59  
So I guess metrics. Metrics is a huge thing in that, in that equation, if you don't, if you're not thinking about it already, it ends up becoming, you know, part of, part of the puzzle, right? Like an integral little kind of cog in the system. Because in this goes to what you were saying. And, I mean, geez, I love that. I love that, hearing that CPQ is a customer, right? It should be an actual, you know, pay attention, attention driven customer that we pay attention to and we like, let we understand the use cases and billing kind of helps, you know, empower those use cases be done in CPQ, because I've told you billing from day one, we're, we're close for customer number zero, yeah, we don't get to use internal API's. We don't get to use, you know, all of the kind of magic of being inside the walled garden, like we have to go and go to the to, literally, the developer reference, and be like, Okay, how does, how do we plug this order request up and say, Ah, this is. This is missing, or I can't even get to the setting, so I don't know that that's enabled. Oh, I can't, you know, I can't see the same data how we're managing the customer's tenant. And this has happened with multi or when I when we integrated. This has happened with prior catalogue innovations. We're extremely, extremely dependent on 360 sync deco to to to our detriment, both from a strategy, product strategy side on platform with the deco product used to actually used to live under CPQ used to live under me. And that got just messed up, taken away, taken the platform and and it's, and you can talk to Alvin about it, right? He's got lots of opinions on this as well. And so we have all of these problems, and a lot of them look a lot of them are going to be solved if we can manage to get the brains of our CPQ tool out outside of Salesforce and back inside of Sora. But, and that's the thing, we need to focus on, number one before we even can get to like this omni channel vision, where we work really well with billing and other channels, um, but coming back to it, right? If I give the billing team feedback that I can't use the API that they've got published on the documents on the dev, developer reference centre, then it's like, you know, that should be our first cue that that product feature was never ready to even go beta.

Speaker 2  26:19  
It's foundational. I mean, it's exactly right. And manfred's given me a flavour of that with a with some billing requests. Because what I want to do is I want to start. You know, I have a good relationship, really good relationship, with Ken, and I want to just start. And he's a thoughtful guy, and he understands. I want him to win. He wants me to win. So I think we have a place there. But I'm kind of, I've said this all along. I'm really engineering led, so I start with the architecture and the engineering, and then these are the problems, right? These pain points, these create a ripple effect right out into the product. Right? They seem insignificant to some people, but they're really the key parts of how you unlock all of this. So I guess, I mean, listen, we can drink from the Kool Aid. We all agree, right? Which is great. There's some ways to, you know, I'm starting with the product organisation. What I would also say to you, and I said this to Manfred, is, you know, I am not, I do not come from CPQ, right? Man for has been kind enough to spin me up. I'm learning a lot, right? And so what I'm trying to do in the in the way I approach this, is I start with the story, which seems absolutely obvious, right? Omni channel. It's great for the field. It's great for the business. We can win anywhere we have a right to play. There's also a bigger thing, which is the data story. So I come from a data background, so build, we're building knowledge graphs underneath all of this data. And one of the questions I had to Manfred was, you know, if I sell 100 seats, does it matter to you how those 100 seats were used? Right? If the 65 of those seats had 70% usage, and 30 of those seats have 40% usage. Does that matter in CPQ, if it does, we can extend out the data picture, you know, I come from that in get, you know, usage, feature, usage environment, so that we can, we can talk about that and think about whether or not that has a place in your ecosystem. I think the bit. And, you know, we've got the, you know, navs, a massive fan of all of this. So we have some really good architectural minds. Maybe there's some disagreements, maybe there's some history, maybe there's some opinions that don't quite yell, but I think we kind of get into a place where it feels right. What I heard, though, which I was particularly excited about, was Pete made this, I don't know if you're on the call, man, I think you were on the Yeah, you were on the call. You did a great, great pitch. Matt Pete kind of said, listen, just focus on next generation. CPQ Right. Like we got cpqx, we have to do that thing. Five quoting is cool. That's nice. But where our bread and butter is, is next generation. CPQ, right? Do you? Do you have

Speaker 1  29:04  
a one minute definition, or one minute or less of what next generation CPQ is? To you,

Speaker 2  29:09  
to me, it is from what I've understood is a deeper integration with all of the principles that catalogue enables, right? So, somewhat like, for example, bundles you mentioned that. So, you know, my my lens is generally CPQ as a headless experience that is deeply integrated with the new product catalogue, so bring more flexibility into different environments. That's that's probably an over simplistic view of it. Maybe you could give me a different definition.

Speaker 1  29:42  
Yeah, I mean, I think Manfred and I maybe agree. It's probably been a minute since we've talked about this specific topic. But next gen, over the last year, has been thrown around a lot, thrown around in customer conversations. It's definitely been thrown around with leadership, with Pete, with Shakir, but no one seems to really know. What it is, other than a catchphrase, and then obviously, manfred's got a lot of, you know, features and desires of how to make next gen of like a world class CPQ, which I'm on board with. But I think at its root right? We're calling it next generation CPQ. That means it has to be different than cpqx. Cpqx already can integrate with the catalogue like it doesn't matter how we do it, we can do it. It's not hard, right? Whether it's through data connect, whether it's through the API's that the commerce foundation builds, because we tell them we need these things via API. That's not the problem. What makes it next generation is that the brains of the quoting system, how we construct, what is our magic sauce, which is this super intricate order request that can get census or and create the order with all of the proper validations, guardrails and UX niceties that a sales rep or sales admin might need. So the brains, the processing, the rules right? The context whatever you want to whatever you want to call it, if we can pull that out of Salesforce, that makes it next generation, right? Because we can scale it, we cannot scale it in Salesforce, right? We have customers today that are not very large and are not very complex, that have extreme pain in sending simple, small quotes, partially because of the API's the billing API's scalability, and partially because, mostly because of the Salesforce platform's scalability issues. And we've pulled out all the tricks to get around Salesforce platform limitations. We've done optimizations you saw, you can see in the what's new, what's next that we just delivered, that we've done nine second improvements on being able to save a quote. Why should saving a quote be any slower than sub second? Is a question that I don't understand, right? And that's what our class, what our customers want, because that's what any CPQ out there that isn't tied to the hip to a billing system which has a whole slew of other problems, will tell you that they can do sub second 1000 line quote saves. Yeah, okay, sure. And so we're, we're tied to the hip with billing, which makes us really powerful in some ways, because you don't have this huge integration layer and problem you have to solve where your billing ops are just pissed off and your revenue people are pissed off that they don't make the system work end but where we struggle is that Salesforce has a stranglehold on us. Not only that, their competitor. So they see all of our revenue. We pay them red share. They see all of our customers. They go and knock on all those customers doors and tell them we can do everything better and faster as we're not building on our Salesforce platform anymore. We're building RCA, which is solved the platform issues. And so next gen, aside from features, I really could care less about the features the UX, if you give it a new skin and you say, can you know, dance and sing for you in an animation like whatever, if it just pulls the processing out of Salesforce and lets us do new subscriptions, amend subscriptions, renew subscriptions. We've already won. Next Gen will be a winner.

Speaker 3  33:09  
So, so next year. Sorry, did I have was like, No, that's okay,

Speaker 4  33:15  
a bad cold, so that's why I was late. Yeah. So it's good to hear everyone's version of next gen, and I think you all guys are right, right. Let me show my version so that we can sing about it. And what do you want me to do? Showed this so I've explained it this way that I have a transactional layer. That's what John is referring to as the back end has rules in there that that's where the performances needs to be improved. So this is, this is bread and butter. If you can't handle the transaction, you have nothing so And sure, we can get better, but right now, we're not saying that we need more transactional things, except we need configurable bundles and advanced approvals, a couple of things to pluck the holes that are obvious and that are preventing us from selling. So you could say there are four or five of those obvious holes that everyone, every salesman Can, can tell you, but for me, it's more it's the analytics. That's you mentioned that by saying, Hey, you have information a back end. Why is it information not available to the salesperson? If it matters to them, right? So does it matter that they have, you know, maybe only one product out of our product portfolio. It could matter, right? Does it matter if they don't pay on time? It could matter. It could matter in all the negotiations. And that's why we need to make that visible to the sales rep. What that exactly is that we can come up with, right? So, and it's for each company different, and then it's the agentic thing. And that's the agentic thing, which just. In, because it's the latest thing, and everyone jumps on it anyway. So we have to get on that bandwagon. And that's so these are the three pillars that I see are defining next gen, right? So, and I don't want to derail you guys, you know, thought track, because this is all you know, aligned with what I'm, what I'm hearing, and what I'm, you know, I think I agree with everything you guys saying. So it's, I think we're a good path.

Speaker 2  35:26  
But it is, I like the, I mean, I like the, there seems to be kind of a layer above this, which it just says, you know, not in Salesforce, the original

Speaker 4  35:38  
driver in the very beginning, when we said, you need next gen, what we did was we need to fix CPQ. That was what, what next gen was supposed to be, and the biggest problem. And I heard that from when I was to the customers performance, performance, performance is the biggest problem.

Speaker 1  35:55  
And to be very clear, though, like getting out of Salesforce doesn't mean we don't have a quoting experience, a UI and a data model in Salesforce. What it means is the brains, the processing, is not in Salesforce. Salesforce owns 70% of the CRM market, right like and I'd say it's a greater percentage of that in our customer base. And so if we don't have a native integration in Salesforce, we're going to fail, period, and in a lot of our customer and this is where we get into this hard, hard, hard question of, how do we migrate customers? How do we take the 360 customers we have, once there is a next gen, and move them into that seamlessly. And maybe it's impossible. I think we've yet to discover really what that means. But if we tell them, you have to one completely eliminate any kind of dependency you have on the data model that we've already built and established in the porting tool for the last 10 years that interprets, parses and presents the data that builds that represents the subscription that you created from your quote. And you have to move to a new data model that lives inside of Zora, or you have to refactor in some way to kind of understand the new object records that live outside of Salesforce. You can't have your Salesforce reports anymore. You can't build your document generation. You can't integrate with the CLM the same way, because they're not native Salesforce objects. 90% of those customers will leave, will leave or CPQ, right? So we're not going to displace sales forces play here. And if we're not natively integrated with Salesforce, we're going to have customers walk away and say, Okay, we're going to Salesforce. CPQ, then. So that's, I just want to throw that out there, because I think that that is often lost in that, like getting out of Salesforce means we are an agnostic, you know, CRM, CPQ, we can, you can go to HubSpot, you can go to Microsoft Dynamics, you can go to Salesforce. It doesn't matter, but we're agnostic, but we're outside of it. That's not what it means. It's not what it means to me, at least. And I think that we would be doing ourselves a disservice if we tried to lead forward with that as the mindset.

Speaker 2  38:06  
So what does it mean then? So you talked about the stranglehold, and you talked about the latency. What does, what does this version of maintaining the CPQ footprint in Salesforce, but then being headless CPQ, which can be anywhere, right? Yeah, what does that look like? Is that? Where does that begin? Is that something we're tackling? Is it is other dependencies, or what

Speaker 1  38:36  
I mean, I think that the team is considering it right now, but to be completely honest, I think Satish and nav and Siva have kind of ran off with it on their own. And are, you know, bringing this man for correct me if I'm misspeaking, but they're kind of bringing this under the like, Hey, this is the technical decisions we need to figure out to establish how it's going to work. And so, like, we'll come back to product when we have an outlook, when I when I when I really think that product needs to be involved in saying, well, like, Look, you can't just not have the CPQ quote Salesforce object, right? That like the Zora CPQ quote object, because if you do that, then we don't have an answer to how you integrate today with everything you've built. And so what I think it means, right, is I'm not I'm not an architect, I'm not an engineer, right? But functionally, what I think it means is Zora CPQ as the UI layer, still lives inside of Salesforce, as well as we have our own UI outside of Salesforce for those customers who don't have Salesforce or who have a different CPQ or different CRM, but you still have a quoting tool inside of Salesforce that's native to the Salesforce experience, right? Like you're not going to you're not letting the making your sales rep sign into Zor. You're not making your sales rep sign into a different, you know, iFrame system. The other piece is for the admins and all of the supporting roles. That check a quote right? Your rev ops, your billing ops, your sales ops, all of those folks will go in and they'll look at a quote record. Your developers will go in and they'll take the quote record, and they'll plug it into their CRM, I'm sorry, their their CLM, or they'll plug it into, you know, a you know, Adobe document generation service that's got a, you know, a signature element, and they create contractually binding documents that says to this quote, you've signed to now you've agreed to illegally, right? And so that is all based off of the data model. Then you have like forecasting right opportunities, opportunity products, core objects integral to the Salesforce system, that are informed by the Sora CPQ object structure that we create, right? Because we're native to the Salesforce platform. We create these objects in Salesforce so that stuff has to live and look if it's ended up, if ends up being just cloned object records, versus being kind of like natively created by the managed package, right? I don't care, but the data needs to live there, and that data needs to represent the quote, and the quote represents the subscription, right? What actions did you take? What is the timing of events that you've planned for and premeditated, and what metrics impact do those events result in that stuff living at the data level in Salesforce needs to still be there, as well as the UI that the sales rep feels like they're still working inside of Salesforce when they log in to create a new quote, and they do that through their opportunity or through their Salesforce account, everything else beyond that, like the you know, the Rules processing, the product selection, the actual quoting flow, right? You know, selecting the products, adding your terms and conditions, you know, manipulating the effective prices, whatever special things deal rooms, you know, like agentic quote, you know, suggestions, all of that stuff can be powered by Zora and should be powered by Zora because we can scale. Our platform is far more scalable, and we own that scale, but it has to just surface in Salesforce, and then there has to be an object representation of that quote in Salesforce. Yeah, those are the two pieces.

Speaker 4  42:13  
So this is, this may be where John and I not agree on this. So that's very want to give you have a version as well? Yes, I mean, what we want is a seamless experience for sales people. Does this mean we have to have the UI and Salesforce? No, I don't believe so, because what the sales person really recognises is the look and feel. They have no idea where data are stored. Now this is a good idea to store some data in Salesforce. Absolutely so. But I think the question is, which data we are storing, and I think it all spawned off of one question, how does our architects enable us to get without big disruption, without a big bang? You know, here's the new stuff, here's the old stuff. Lose half of our customers. How can we get there? And I think there is, it has to be a technical solution. It cannot be a product manager came up with a grandiose idea how to do that. So now they haven't figured out 100% of it. They have a hunch. They have come up with some ideas. They haven't presented anything. They are still working it. That's one of the reasons why the teacher is also this week in India that they figure out the resources they want to put on all the different things like whiteboarding versus next gen. And they need to talk about this thing, because it will come. So we believe in q3 we have to get to what I call a dual mode, right? So dual mode is you use your old or legacy CPQ, great. You know, you can make holds like you did before. Or you can switch over and say, You know what, I want to try this next gen thing. How does that look different? UI is also bound through an iframe into your Salesforce, so you're not really leaving Salesforce, and that's the most important thing. And you can create your code there, and then you create your code and say, Okay, I want to pull it up in the legacy C. CPQ UI, you can go back that was that's where it becomes kind of fluid, because then we can say, Yeah, knock yourself out for another year, staying on the existing cpqx UI and but we realise that enhancements are not going to happen there anymore. And then you can also, on your new convenience, switch over to next gen. And ideally, you know, if you have an older customer who doesn't use our cpqx UI, which is we call score studio, they have the over and you know, the most more visit based kind of way, they can also switch over, right? So that's the idea. I cannot tell. I mean, that connection has to do all of what we're doing in coach duty. It's obvious, right? We cannot leave half of it behind and say, well, guess what? You can't do any ramps anymore. Well, guess what? We don't have future update on top of an amendment. That's not possible. So of course, this all has to work, right? Is. But the good news is we have something that works, and it's a blue they can use, right? So that's how I look at it. So I give them the time to tell me how they want to do it, and then I shoot holes into it. I think that's where John and I are a little bit different, because John says, Hey, we need to be now involved with these guys and tell them what to do. I think come back with an approach and technical approach that makes sense to me. Yeah. I mean, I think

Speaker 2  45:31  
I spoke with Satish today, and we spoke about some of these decisions, because the lens of, you know, there was a slightly greater emphasis on five quoting last week. There's a slightly lower emphasis on vibe quoting this week, right?

Unknown Speaker  45:45  
So a week a week is a long

Unknown Speaker  45:49  
time in Zora, I think

Speaker 4  45:51  
the but I talked to see what gets to my side. You know?

Speaker 2  45:54  
Yeah, ah, yeah. Of course, of course, of course. It goes backwards and forwards, but that's where we have to kind of keep the pendulum swinging between swinging less towards the other direction. But the question I had is, do you ever see a world where Salesforce just turns around one day and says, No more sales quote?

Unknown Speaker  46:14  
Studio, no, I don't see why they would. There's no There's no

Speaker 2  46:19  
value prop for them? Okay, all right, so we, there's no differentiation. We, we pay them

Speaker 1  46:24  
a few million a year for for being able to be a managed package on their platform, and the fact that we're managed package, right, we're in the App Exchange, just like 1000s of other applications they have that are all trying to get the same level of status that we have with them as a trusted sales force partner. Yeah, okay, right? And that and that gives customers credibility that their platform works with other systems and makes it easy to integrate, right? That's the kind of thing, and the trust is extremely important. So we have, like Jaguar, they basically, like, we had a Salesforce security review last for a few months due to, like, sales forces fall, actually, and Jaguar was at the cusp of of going live. And like, we can't go live until you guys have re established your security review and our trusted Salesforce partner, like, just like, that's our centre of excellence, you know, requirement around Salesforce management. And, you know,

Unknown Speaker  47:19  
yeah, okay. I mean,

Speaker 2  47:22  
I think then the that makes life a lot easier, because you focus in on the debate that we're just having now about the what's the technical solution? That false. I mean, you know, you've presented a spectrum between you and Manfred now, but the principle is the same. There's just degrees of of commitment to one end of the one end of the story compared to the other.

Speaker 4  47:46  
And so I have seen, like, what, what? Why would you build on Salesforce if it's performance wise, so bad, right? But everyone does it in the beginning because it's faster, yeah? Get like, translate. You get the trusted, you know, you're on an extensible platform. F the goodness of the platform and the performance doesn't matter in the beginning, because you're serving small customers. There's three items in the in the cart, not a problem. But then you start growing. And if you look into how companies that have grown on a sales platform, they're all on the, you know, thinking about, damn it. They know these guys, lot of money we pay out to them, and we have shitty performance. How can we get out of it? And then there are different approaches. All of them involve the services. The Headless services are all outside. That's the basic. And then there is, like, Shades of Grey, right? Or maybe we have the UI build on Salesforce, and they're just serviced from the headless services, or it's just all, you know us, and we just branded in a way, so it looks like it's a lightning page, but you know, so that's where then everyone comes later, because they grow, or they have more customers that have larger quotes they have to serve, then you kind of have these thoughts. And we are kind of gotten there because we have big customers like BMC, we have zoom, they're all, you know, performance, performance for unity. I mean, it's like we got hammered on this, on this performance thing. I mean, trying to improve something, we make little improvements. I mean, I think they are little, right? And we spend a lot of time on it. How much time did we spend on it? Already, since half a year, we had this performance thing, and what did we improve? 40% 3030, to 40% in submit and save and submit from 49 seconds, now we're down to 14 seconds. And unity says there was in the Zack, so she was sitting next to me that you know what? We totally appreciate what you guys did, and it's really way faster than it was before, and it's awesome. It's not where we wanted it to be. But now we are at least, you know,

Speaker 1  49:50  
can work with this thing? Well, now we're, we're at, we're par. We're par with Salesforce, CPQ, that you had

Unknown Speaker  49:57  
seven right? So seven tickets, but you. Suitcase

Speaker 1  50:00  
seven and 10, and we're at, you know, 11 to 14,

Unknown Speaker  50:05  
getting us to seven seconds

Speaker 1  50:09  
not possible without another year work. And even then, Salesforce changes something, and we have to refactor for another six months just to make it keep working. And that's, that's the game Salesforce plays too. So, but look, I mean the last comment on this, I know we're running out of time, and you know we've been talking your head off. Jonathan the the getting the brains off of Salesforce right means we can restructure our agreement with Salesforce, right? Sales. We pay Salesforce rev share based off of customers that have gone production with the Zoro CPQ managed package. And the managed package does everything right. And so we pay, if we sell that managed package for 20 to 40k a year, add on, you know, flat fee. If we change the pricing right, if we say, look the brains of it is now no longer on the Salesforce platform. It's just a very small managed package that creates the data object records and has, you know, either a UI or a skin for the UI that's I framed in. We'll sell you if you want that piece, right? If you want that Salesforce manage package connection piece, super cheap, right? It's a, you know, whatever, $1,000 a year, and that's what we'll pay Salesforce rev share on now and then through, since we're dependent on billing, right? And that's really the billing in the commerce foundation, foundation catalogue that is like the beet meat and potatoes of what Zora does. We bake in if you're going to be a CPQ user now you have a larger spend with Zora, right? That encompasses this extra functionality that we have that's built into the Zora core platform. And then you just add on that little managed package to surface it on in Salesforce. So I can, that's it.

Speaker 2  51:47  
I can get my head around that and that. And the thing is, that all, if you're building this kind of brain, so you talk about outside, you know, there's a whole events, there's a whole bunch of ancillary benefits to that, right? When you could just, you could name five off the top of your 10 off the top of your head. Why would you want to build that thing outside? I mean, having said that, I hear what you say about Salesforce, but that's when Salesforce will will go, Wait a minute. Our revenue share has just gone from this to this. Maybe they're not a trusted partner anymore because they're trying to move the revenue outside of the Salesforce system.

Speaker 4  52:19  
So, yes, but see, they'll definitely do that. There's also process established. And the process is that you have to show to them that you actually not on Salesforce, right? So it's they can't just say, Yeah, before you were in Salesforce. Now you're not, but I don't care. You still pay me, yeah, all your revenue making. That's not what they do. I mean, I know that from my past that you have to go through when you have a new product, you have to demo it to them, you have to prove what you're going to do on their platform. And these are smart people.

Speaker 1  52:50  
Look, they have, they have the entire managed package code. It's not like it's ours, like it's theirs, like it's the managed packages, and it's an app on their platform. They have access to it. They get to see all of it in their security reviews. So for them, for us to be a trusted partner, Salesforce will review the new package that we create in in entire, in its entirety, and then through that, the negotiations are like, negotiation is like, oh, we need to change our rev share agreement, because we no longer do everything that we did. It's just a small, you know, package we we sell, actually, another package. It's a Salesforce. Managed package is called 360 that managed package is, I think it's like 50 objects and very little code. It's just a few objects that basically get data landed in them from the API's that the deco system has. That package is not even subject to rev share at all. And Salesforce has revisited this over 15 years, multiple times, and they're like, Yeah, I mean, we can't justify you paying as rev share because it's literally just a

Speaker 2  53:52  
series of objects. Salesforce is not the risk, I mean, but I agree. Listen, I can see the direction of travel. It makes perfect sense. I'd like to know more from Satish and Siva specifically about what the the brains outside of cells. I'd like to know from you what you think those brains are, right? So it'd be really helpful if you were to send me just a doesn't have to be a technical view, just to kind of a, this is my lens of what the brains compose of because, you know, I can consume that and then take it back, and then translate that back up to Satish and Siva, and try and tease out where that direction is going, because again, we're working at this intersection layer. So this is, again, another abstraction of very important architectural decisions, right? Where do these things sit? Who owns them? Where do we invest our money? What do they orchestrate? What do they empower us to do elsewhere? So that would be useful. The other thing I've got one ask for you is what I'd love to do, because no one's actually shown me this. I'm not going to ask Manfred, because

Unknown Speaker  54:57  
we don't have we don't have enough time together. But.

Speaker 2  55:00  
But what would be really good for me and you is, I'd love you to walk me through a quote. Love to see it start to finish, or, you know, put a couple of hours aside and just go end to end. This is the life of a customer. And then you can also go to me, this is painful. This is okay. This is not best in class. This is best in class. And then what I can do is I can start to slot in what Manfred has given me, which is, you know, what's our cpqx functional JIRAs, what's our functional requirements from the catalogue? And I can begin to get a real grassroots view of it.

Unknown Speaker  55:46  
You tell me, you tell me when? Yeah, probably next week.

Speaker 2  55:48  
Yeah, I'm gonna ping you next. I'll see what your diary is like, and we'll just put some time aside, because next everyone buggers off next week. So it's easier to find some time in the diary. But this has been really extremely helpful, and I feel like what it does is just give a little bit more colour to some of the areas that I can focus on, like billing. You know, how do we play with billing? What are the what are the bigger unlocks for this kind of omnichannel strategy? How do we get engineering to kind of expose a little bit more of their thinking around what you know, how they're going to tackle the brain. So probably Manfred knows a lot more about it than I do, but I'd love to hear it from Satish, so that when I speak to you, to Manfred, and when I speak to you, I can have some understanding of what we're all thinking. And then lastly is, is just understanding at a detailed level where you think that, where we're best in class and where we're not, where your head is at around what you're building this this coming year. But it's been really helpful. I appreciate you spending the time.

Unknown Speaker  56:50  
Really cool. Yeah,

Speaker 1  56:51  
I look forward to that invite for you from next week. And yeah, I mean, I can demo at the drop of a hat.

Speaker 2  56:57  
So yeah, I love a good demo. I love a good demo. I could see I sat through bizarrely, I said, I was in a presentation the other day with Ken Houseman, and he was demoing finance operations, and I said to him, I said, there's a room full of people. I said, I just realised they've got a finance operations fetish, because it was absolutely fascinating. I really some of the stuff. I mean, finance is, like, boring to me, but actually, the way Ken presents it, and it goes through all these different demos, like, really good. So I love a good demo. I'm up for that.

Speaker 1  57:30  
Hopefully I'll give you the same kind of feeling with with sales.

Speaker 2  57:34  
That's That's why, yeah, that's it. That's your goal. Get me hooked on CPQ, bro. That's brilliant. That's great. All right, listen, I really appreciate thanks for setting it up. Man for it, it's super, super helpful.

Unknown Speaker  57:47  
Hope you feel better.

Unknown Speaker  57:49  
Manfred, yeah, faith, yeah, yep.

Speaker 2  57:53  
All right. Well, have a listen. Have a look. And I don't know, hey,

Speaker 4  57:56  
it takes time to get away, so usually get it for three days. It stays for three days and he goes away for three days, I'm out

Speaker 1  58:03  
for better or worse, yeah, for better or worse, you got the weekend to get better.

Speaker 2  58:09  
Yeah, that's right, I just spent covid test. Maybe it wasn't covid. Maybe I just spent two hours handing out cake to a bunch of 10 year olds at a Christmas fair. So you would get something. So the probability of me getting something is pretty high right now, because they're all a bunch of, yeah, they're all a bunch of snot noses right now. All right, listen, have a smashing weekend. Thanks for the time. Really appreciate it. I'll speak to you next week, John. All right, thanks.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
