Speaker 1  0:03  
A Chat with Shakir. Like Shakir is super bought into all of this. He's he says, if you got omni channel up in 27 that would be exciting. I said, I think we could probably get it up sooner.

Unknown Speaker  0:20  
Focus, yeah, focus.

Speaker 2  0:22  
Six months run, to be honest, if you have a good team,

Speaker 1  0:25  
yeah, that's what I want to talk about. That's wrong, yeah. So that was one question. I mentioned pricing moving out into A to O, and then I said, Well, he asked me, Why would that happen? That's what I think believe. I believe pricing and rating are tight, quite tightly coupled in billing. He didn't seem to understand that,

Speaker 2  0:47  
yeah, that's a either he doesn't want to, because I have discussed with him investing, when you define your product or a plan pricing, you should go in there, because the monetization model sit in there. Rating, on the other hand, is usage, multiplication, those kind of things. What?

Speaker 1  1:01  
So, how are they currently tightly bound in in billing today, it's just one thing. So basically, so it's built as a,

Speaker 2  1:09  
yeah, it's just one thing. All the models are loaded in there, and then the algorithms to multiply when the usage comes, when occurring.

Speaker 1  1:16  
And if there's no rating, it just doesn't do that thing. For example,

Speaker 2  1:23  
if I'm in catalogue, you're building a car. In your commerce, you're building a car, and you got to, let's say, do a car estimation or a preview. What do you do? You got to call billing, just order preview, yeah. But it

Speaker 1  1:39  
doesn't need to call rates, yeah. So that's it's a round trip that doesn't need to happen.

Unknown Speaker  1:44  
That's why auto preview is one of the worst calls. And

Speaker 2  1:49  
go, it's so heavy, and the older the subscription, more the changes it has gone through, heavier it becomes, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:57  
So there's a few now that we've kind of conquered the universe, and got this, this view of what it should be.

Speaker 1  2:08  
I said to had a long conversation around the what when it kind of went into the weeds a little bit on what rules, what rules and constraints are as a as a thing, what do you think is the best approach? So there are two types of documents. Well, there's three. Actually, there's starting at the most complex of the technical design doc, right? Then there's the stakeholder doc, like something that Manfred and I mean, maybe the TDD is, this is the same. Thank you very much. But then a rumour, thank you, yeah, just write the room number, print your name and sign and everything's included. Oh, that's right. Con Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  2:52  
Manfred writes a PRD,

Unknown Speaker  2:55  
or Errol would write a PRD. How

Unknown Speaker  2:58  
many coffees do you take me?

Speaker 1  3:04  
Coffee all day. Never without coffee. Yeah, that's why you're never without no all day. But it's got antioxidants in it.

Unknown Speaker  3:15  
That's why I look so young and young and youthful. And it's got water in it,

Speaker 1  3:25  
apparently, of course, yes, if I drank that, I'd be in the toilet all day. I do no business. I'd be waiting all the time. Literally, have a cup of glass of water and I gotta run to the toilet. It's because I'm constantly dehydrated most of the time.

Unknown Speaker  3:44  
So I'm not, not quite

Speaker 1  3:51  
Why would, why would we? Why would we get the Why would we get Errol and Manfred to write PRDs? Why would we not just keep this as a engineering like we know what we want to do. Want to build a rules and constraint, a rules engine and constraints attacks.

Unknown Speaker  4:07  
I don't think so. Anybody asked.

Unknown Speaker  4:12  
No. I rather told Errol,

Speaker 1  4:16  
what I'd love to do is, I'd love to say, Listen, here is this middle layer. There's Tony now and Taylor, for example. Three voices. Maybe there's another voice, I don't know. Let's build the bottom of the bun, unencumbered,

Unknown Speaker  4:36  
massive. Then

Speaker 1  4:39  
you kind of reverse engineer, the normal PRD, Frd, TDD, you just go. You just don't write that stuff. You just go and

Speaker 2  4:47  
pitch it, trying to go in a startup mode. And I'm fine with that. That's right. But this is when I started, and this is exactly what I started. And then people came and picked me a lot. We need documentation, because at one stage you will have a ruler engine that you have a pricing engine that downstream will use it. So you are not ready for that. And if you go, this is how Zora works. I'm not saying this is our startup, because it started. You have whiteboarding done, and you're like, This is it, right? And I'll come to where I'm going to go, but I'm just giving you video, so people will come to you will say, I can't help you. So you have to have a documentation. And also,

Speaker 1  5:28  
because which document not prdf, RD, a TDD, PRD, Frd, as well. No, okay, so let's just say my my request is, I want to build the bottom of the bun, right? I want, I want an architectural view of this. I've listened to you, I've listened to Taylor, and I've now listened to Tony, and that's where my trust is. So why can't I just use that

Speaker 2  5:54  
100% we can use that. All I need is because we don't want to misalign between me Harris and I didn't ask them for PRDs what I asked them. Instead, in an Excel sheet in plain English, write the rules, top 100 rules, or top 50 or top three rules that you will configure, because I don't want to be, you know, facing my blind spots after I'm done, I want to make sure that you have just given me the list of rules. I don't need any PRD from there, yeah, I just need a list of rules.

Speaker 1  6:27  
Yeah. Okay, so that's the rules engine. That's all I need, and constraints as well. Okay, and then, but then there's the there's BCS, right? There's the context service, there's a rules and constraints engine, or whatever we call it. And I think Tony made a very good point. Let's not call it a rules engine. Is it's maybe more than that, right? We need to give it. We need to give it another board, another pricing. Let's be back. Yeah, we'll find a word. We'll find a thing, right?

Unknown Speaker  7:07  
Is pricing engine, the same as the rules engine.

Speaker 2  7:09  
Rule engine will be doing the job of pricing engine.

Speaker 1  7:13  
Okay? So we need to make that cake. We need to, we need to socialise that when we're ready, the orchestration and the actions how coupled or decoupled from the rules engine is that

Speaker 2  7:27  
actions are more than the rules. However, an action can be dependent upon a rule, right? So, for example, I won't buy something, but in the flow of purchase, I selected some products. Now as part of the flow, I need to make sure some rules are executed, because I'm executing an action, but it doesn't mean actions cannot be indicated. So you got bunch of actions, but the orchestration is executing the whole flow. Bunch of actions come together. That's orchestration.

Speaker 1  8:00  
So we need an architectural design of this, right? We totally do, basically, if you, if you had, if you wrote the top of piece of, top of the piece of paper, intersection, yeah, everything underneath that is everything that we've talked about over the last week, right?

Speaker 2  8:17  
I totally agree, and that's where I need to be able to go and influence people that I need at least one more fear of

Unknown Speaker  8:27  
me. It's not gonna be enough if

Unknown Speaker  8:29  
I do. Why would you

Unknown Speaker  8:37  
it feels like Tony and Taylor? Taylor

Unknown Speaker  8:42  
is not gonna be going to be involved,

Unknown Speaker  8:45  
but he has a voice, right?

Speaker 2  8:46  
I do not know that much. I spoke to him yesterday. He's always happy to talk. I can talk to him, yeah, but he said that his involvement now is going to be more on the GS work on boarding with one more.

Unknown Speaker  9:02  
With some boy. No, he's on.

Speaker 1  9:05  
He's on cataloguing experiences. I spoke to him just now. I spoke

Speaker 2  9:10  
to Errol this morning, and he told me the same thing. Told me last night, I'm okay if he's there, but

Speaker 1  9:16  
cataloguing experience, whatever. I don't understand that David's going off to do.

Speaker 1  9:27  
Because he explained to me he thought that experiences was an unlock for

Unknown Speaker  9:35  
billing implementation.

Speaker 2  9:38  
Now he's thinking of it from a very different language. Two years ago, what we started was AppSync. Have you seen apps?

Unknown Speaker  9:46  
Why did we start? Because when we

Speaker 2  9:50  
like it could have been an unlock. It is not anymore. I'll tell you why, because we need a different approach now. So the reason it could have been an unlock is because when we do any billing implementation, the reason Salesforce beats us, and people have mentioned this in the offset again as well, is people can go in and say, Hey, no, I don't like this. Zora code, UI, I want some other elements over here, either for approval or for billing, or for invoices or for other aggregated Arr, MRR, what have you, but I want my own. Don't just give me that is when you can put together your own experience that basically makes a whole lot of difference.

Speaker 1  10:32  
But that's the c1 experience. He was explaining to me that where the cost comes to is in the c2 provisioning. Okay, so like, you've got six APIs. Each API has to get provisions. Each of those is costed a week.

Speaker 2  10:46  
That is not an experience thing, but he said that

Speaker 1  10:50  
that the outcome of those APIs is the front end experience.

Speaker 2  10:55  
I love Taylor because he's a freaking hacker and he'll do something very fast. I love him. This is where he and me will always differ. I want to do things that are done right, the fact that our APIs are antiquated or bad, and people have to string together things the way, one of the ways the experiences solve it, and the way that I agree and another person want to do this is because I want drop in conference. I want something like an AI development kit or an agent development kit, or maybe some people are still conventional. Some implementations are conventional. Want a software development kit which drops that in, that is not experience for me, that is a developer onboarding kit where they say, you develop your own commerce experience, you drop this in. You call this method. How many abs are behind that? You don't care.

Speaker 1  11:44  
He was, he was explaining, if you think about a c2 environment, you know, I want to update my subscription, right? It's like a might. It's like a he represented it to me as if the front end experience, which is the outcome that a segment three is trying to achieve, could typically take six weeks to achieve, where actually we could drop it in a couple of days.

Speaker 2  12:12  
He's right. He's right. But there are two parts to that, right, the part where I call what is experience is the front end visits and

Unknown Speaker  12:19  
everything. The c1 experience, right?

Speaker 2  12:26  
So all of that has my abstracted set of methods behind it, yeah. But what if Jonathan comes tomorrow and says, I don't want your elements? Stripe has elements, right? Let's say we call them elements. If you tell me I don't want it, I'll develop my own. Because, let's face it, whatever we deliver today is not going to fit everyone.

Speaker 1  12:49  
Yeah, but that's what we currently do, is we say blank piece of paper. What do you want to develop? Right? So see, that's our default position.

Speaker 2  12:57  
Let's draw a spectrum. Where are we today? We say bunch of APIs, go knock yourself out. They develop everything. Over here are all the experiences, fully customizable, fully design friendly. You can change anything, but you just drop it in coffee. In between, there is a whole spectrum right here in the middle is going to be at least some elements, but I don't want to use others, but I will string my experience together, because I may want to use your payment form, but I won't like your car. What happens then? Then they will still have to make six API calls. That's why I've been saying it again and again. Don't do that aggregation of methods, or, let's say, commerce facing orchestration of my API calls in plasma. Don't put that there. I want it outside so that

Unknown Speaker  13:50  
middle of just the orchestration, correct?

Speaker 2  13:52  
I want middle of the spectrum to be using the same. Yeah, that

Speaker 1  13:56  
makes perfect sense. I got you. Okay, he wasn't aware of that. He's not aware of this orchestrator, because this is that, because he's not aware of orchestrator and actions, what he's aware of is BCS

Speaker 2  14:08  
really me and the other have discussed it, but he believes that, like, like Adam Smith, we can just go down with plasma and We can deliver that

Speaker 1  14:20  
everybody would want to use, that's not gonna that is two years ago. That's not gonna happen because No, I'd need to hear the argument against. I'd need to hear the argument for that. That's nothing.

Unknown Speaker  14:36  
Errol definitely does. Doesn't subscribe to that,

Speaker 2  14:39  
not from what I heard. It cannot. It is not

Unknown Speaker  14:42  
an overnight thing. Tony would not subscribe to that.

Unknown Speaker  14:44  
I doubt, I doubt anybody would.

Unknown Speaker  14:47  
So who's your partner? Then a what?

Speaker 1  14:51  
Getting this done? I don't know you well. I'm, yeah, but I can't, I can't help you with the architectural design. Is it Tony? I think is a is an animal, good partner. But again,

Speaker 2  15:04  
the way I work with Tony, I've been working with him for two years. I have to give him a problem. If I explain him a lot, then he kinds of goes into a POC random mode, where you have to keep on nudging him a lot. We did

Speaker 1  15:19  
mediation humans. Maybe it's just human beings, right? I like to

Speaker 2  15:24  
think that give Tony one big problem. Probably there is no one better than him to solve that big problem. Whatever big problem you focus him on, on experiences, he'll figure it out, for sure. But my again, this is just my thinking. I'm not saying we can't put everything on to me. I would think you would have two or three engineering stores, three, three engineering sports. One is only, and only dedicated in making pricing and packaging manager or commerce graph, like we spoke about yesterday, that does merchandising, that does pricing, engine that does complicated rules, that does constraints. It's a big ass piece that's algorithmically complicated and has to scale because I will add six products on the car, and I want you to return like this, right? So that is one big piece. Then comes context management. The guys doing this should not need that the context management is thinking about, how do I sit across the board, and how do I serve the customers in their in the client side, so that you do not have to lift a finger to create a context? I give you, again, a kit that or a method that you drop in there and I read your Dom. Dom reading is not that easy. Are you buying something? To me through the configuration that hydrates the context. And not only that, every single change in the interaction continues to enrich the context as well. So that is a piece that is to be sitting across the board as well, but right up over here, rules here, context is there, and tomorrow, you might want to think of context across the door, right? So we have to have that lens and context,

Unknown Speaker  17:07  
and also behavioural data as well,

Speaker 2  17:08  
and behavioural data. So that's very much of before even, like we go down to even experiences is dependent upon, right? So that's second piece, the third piece, literally, this is what Arrow. Arrow called me today. And I explained in the same thing, this is my thought process. If I had the team and I had to divide it, this is what I would do. The third team is now.

Speaker 1  17:34  
So you got you talking about teams that don't exist, right?

Speaker 2  17:38  
I'm talking about scores. Let's say may not be teams. Could be one team. You create sports, right? So there is a governance body underneath. There are PMS. And PMS are tied to the squads. One team can be tied to multiple squads. Those squads are dead focused on these things, and we have one massive meeting every two weeks where everyone comes together and does a demo, right? Third Squad is experiences, because CPQ and commerce, they will have shared experiences as well.

Unknown Speaker  18:08  
Yeah, the experiences squad is done. That's good, right?

Speaker 2  18:11  
And then the fourth one is, you still have to keep the catalogue moving along, state, version, management, bundles, those kind of things. That still has to move along. So that forces four spot is sustenance, sustenance, or maybe, like, with changes, yeah,

Speaker 1  18:26  
that insulation we talked Well, there's like, CPQ, well, so the So, the obvious is that the biggest team is in CPQ, the smallest team is in catalogue.

Speaker 2  18:38  
And also my personal feeling, my personal reach, CPQ, legacy. CPQ has had 18 people, and I haven't seen velocity. 18 is a freaking massive team I had for six months. I'll do a startup and leave good 18 people,

Speaker 1  18:53  
yeah, I've done it with six. There you go. 18 people, yeah. But so what I need to do is I need I'm seeing Satish next week.

Unknown Speaker  19:02  
Absolutely what I what I mean, listen,

Speaker 1  19:08  
Errol's like, incensed by the speed of experiences teeth, like, I feel like I had to walk him off a bridge today. He's this insane. So I've got to sort that out.

Speaker 2  19:22  
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but I think at your level, we should think about more squads. There is a next gen CT squad, right? And there is a legacy CPQ score, you have a six squad team, actually, yeah, this

Speaker 1  19:35  
is what I want to speak to Satish about, right? So what, what I need to do is I need to look at all of the engineering capacity and then the objectives of what we want to achieve. And if you actually ask Errol man, you know, he's doing two. I mean, there's two big revenue, potential revenue streams. Three, actually potential revenue streams next year. One is, you actually just polishing up CPQ,

Unknown Speaker  20:08  
make it better, and then,

Speaker 1  20:11  
well, there's actually, there's some nuances next, next generation of CPQ and vibe quoting are gonna fall over each other. I spoke to Manfred, they're gonna fall over each other. There's a dysfunctionality to the way vibe quoting has been set up. It doesn't make any sense. I'm not gonna say too much about John. I gave a scenario to Manfred. I said every single person in the CPQ team today that's not in vibe quoting wakes up and wishes that vibe quoting will fail. That's their first thought in the morning, because they're like, we're doing this. We're doing this in next generation of CPQ. We've got an AI layer. And so there's a fundamental, there's a dysfunctional anyway. It's another story, but there's so he's got that over there. Then you've got the Errol team, and then Errol's team, and then you've got experiences. So what I'd want to do is I want to look at the total engineering pool, and I want to say, what is the size of the team that should be able to deliver these capabilities? Right? The other bit, by the way, is that the way JIRA is set up, is there are, is that there are capabilities that overlap each other. There's not a single capability under which there are stories that are related cataloguing to there is these multiple not even the I don't even need the initiative. I just need one

Speaker 2  21:41  
capability. That's because individuals put it together.

Speaker 1  21:44  
Yeah, so that's got to change. So there's a funk, there's a there's a structural nature to

Unknown Speaker  21:49  
JIRA. He got another challenge as well.

Unknown Speaker  21:54  
The white coding team is Sivas team,

Speaker 2  21:58  
Legacy CPQ. Is legacy CPQ, who is next gen CPQ? Team. I thought next in CPQ would be done by silver, but then now I am. When I spoke to silver, he said, team wants to be focused only on two projects.

Speaker 1  22:12  
Team, Team what? That's the operative word only team, team project has no understanding of the downstream impact of that decision. Doesn't care. Of course, he doesn't care.

Speaker 2  22:23  
So apparently Siva said, Me and Satish. Siva and Satish met me, and Dean said, do not distract him. Let him do this. Yeah. So I said, Okay, are you doing this? Then he said, Yeah, I will be. I'm not working in December to March, but I'm coming out in January, and I'm going to research with the sales people. Like this is another problem, which is teams causing that. I will be talking you will be talking to sales people. Manfred is talking to salespeople.

Speaker 1  22:49  
You frustrated? Yeah, honestly, yes, it's bullshit. It's a sandbox, a toy box for the CEO.

Speaker 2  22:57  
If that is the case, then silver should not have been moved under Satish. Give him three people like Anirudh has let him do those

Speaker 1  23:05  
things and don't be clean. And when you go and talk to sales people, honestly, it should be done with me in the room. Correct that whole Yeah, I'm gonna think about that. If I want that battle, I'll think about that and but what I am going to do is there has to be a join back from what I said is that the minimum

Unknown Speaker  23:29  
we have to explain to

Speaker 1  23:33  
the rest of the CPQ team what the fuck is going on, like they need to internalise and understand, yes, what the directive is, right? Why does it exist? We make these decisions, and they're made in the shadows, but everyone will interpret the shadows differently, like people just want to feel part of John, for example, feels disengaged and overlapped, and he's going to be feeling frustrated so that, anyway, this is more of a human issue.

Speaker 2  24:03  
You can hopefully need, need to have some ownership structure there as well. What do you think is the trust level between engineering and the product

Speaker 1  24:16  
management right now? What do I think is the trust? Trust I don't think anyone has a shared view of anything, so I think trust is probably love. Trust is very low because people don't have a shared vision.

Speaker 2  24:30  
Yeah, or they're tripping over each other without naming names. I know that there is some feeling that Satish is not the person who knows the space

Speaker 1  24:43  
I'm learning what I let, what I let happen was I let Jimmy run his thing, I let Satish run his thing, and I wanted to see where it ended up, and what it's ended up is actually Jimmy, Jimmy. Jimmy seems to have a really good, functional understanding of everything. He has very bad style, right? He's derogatory and, you know, almost the border of temperamental, yes, that's it. But now, condescending, condescending, yeah, but if he's good, then maybe you could give him a bit of attitude. Satish is very amiable and nice, but, but he actually lost the battle on what the TFs wanted, the Toyota Financial Services. There was a debate around what, what we could do with the plasma, what

Speaker 2  25:36  
we could I was invited to that, and I was like, Guys, I have a view, and I don't want to triple, I don't want to jump on salish's tail, on this, on his toes, because then that will

Speaker 1  25:49  
not be he'll not take it kindly. He will be like, Okay, I let them run each other. I just wanted to see who won. Jimmy won. So I'm coming back to my original point. So I've said, I said to

Unknown Speaker  26:01  
so I'll be transparent with you. I said to

Unknown Speaker  26:06  
Errol, as I said on Tuesday,

Speaker 1  26:09  
like I have a high degree of trust for you, like you're my guy. Like, if I want to validate something, I'm coming to you. Errol said there's another layer, which is the politics between move and Christine and Satish and tan boy and like, there's this whole and I said this, I'm not actually interested in that. Like, I have to be the point. I have to now be the place that people take that out, right? So if I go, that's the direction of travel, then Moo, has to come to me and say, you can't have that direction of travel. And then the next step up is Pete. Yeah, that's fine, yeah, I'm okay with that.

Speaker 2  27:00  
Oh, whatever you know the dynamics. You see that as well. I don't have to hide anything. There was a battle between me, which is where I got caught in, yeah, but I do not see tan boy engaged in that anyway. That's why I'm engaged with you directly. He would come to me and he'd say, why are you doing this? That's me to manage.

Speaker 1  27:22  
I have told yet. He came to me separately. Yeah, he said, I have to engage with him. And if I, you know, I've got to accept that he's, you know, if I want to engage with him, I have to accept his arrogance. What I was thinking about my head is, I actually don't want to engage with you tomorrow. I like you a lot. You're the super smart guy, but this is more tactical, this is more nuanced. This is careful, you and I, so

Speaker 2  27:47  
he actually was one of the reasons why we got dealer. But, yeah, it's just, he's a smart guy, but he will develop something and then say, I develop this. Find me a problem.

Speaker 1  28:03  
It's not, it's not the right motion. I can't work like that. I need, I need thoughtful, thoughtful people. I want to, you know what? That there's this, it's the thing, right? It's just, there's a there's a bunch of layers that I have to take this up through, and I have to manage up as well as across.

Unknown Speaker  28:24  
So what I want to do is

Speaker 1  28:27  
I need a final point of view. We've got we, I think we travelled quite a big distance this week, right? We synthesise something.

Speaker 2  28:36  
I'm actually happy that there's some agreement and some sense meeting without

Speaker 1  28:40  
Harold and Manfred was actually was actually, I mean, Manfred said to me separately, that was the best meeting we've ever had. Harris still sensitive. Yeah, he is. But I also heard him tell Shakir at dinner last night that he feels more confident about being able to deliver commerce than he's ever felt. So if he's in terms like, if he's kind of just feeling a little bit better, that's also really cool.

Speaker 2  29:05  
He called me this morning as well. We had like, I feel he sometimes is open to me. He's super concerned about engineering. Yeah, he believes that 70% of whatever we did on in this week was something you wanted to do. I said, You know what, almost 95% of what you wanted to do was what I wanted to do. So it's not that I want to do it. It's about how it is sold. Now there is a larger audience that is behind it. And secondly, you would have never gotten CPQ. You would have never gotten pricing mark my word Shaki didn't trust you for that. So because you have an element that engineering keeps on complaining about you, that's that's the reality. Through your good intention, you have created that aura. But Jonathan is coming in fresh, and he has a seller's mindset. People are following him. So I would say, do that and let's deliver what we have.

Speaker 1  30:04  
It's just enablement. It's just, it's a it's a level of coordination, it's just a different skill set. That's all it is. It's just a layer.

Unknown Speaker  30:19  
We take it lightly. But

Speaker 2  30:23  
I used to think that product leaders have to be in the beads and doing all those things as well. But I believe there have to be people who are literally at that layer like you are, and are avoiding to go extremely into daily nitty gritty.

Speaker 1  30:38  
There's that. But I do. I am very engineering. Later I do, no, I saw like, I want to be in the room with Tony and you. I want to internalise I, I was, yeah, I need to do that. That is very important.

Speaker 2  30:53  
But writing 60 page every day, walking people through sometimes you don't even need to do that. Yeah, you don't like, listen,

Speaker 1  31:00  
you'll know, you'll know when I need, when I want to be there. But

Unknown Speaker  31:08  
just coming back to practicality, you know,

Speaker 1  31:12  
I all of a sudden, like, there was a little bit of a joke, but there wasn't a joke all of a sudden, you everyone's best friend, right? Yeah, and there's a little bit of foam up. I go, NABS my guy. And everyone goes, Wait a minute, actually NABS my guy, right? So that's good, yeah. But why want to know what the next step is in your mind to crystallise this? Because if we're February, and this is still not that the momentum will blow you up, this is one shot we got one shot.

Speaker 1  31:52  
Sit with Satish next week. Like, do I need? Do I need to make space for Tony and you to be in a room? Is it Tony you and Taylor? Is it Tony you and Christina? Who else is it? I'm not super sure

Unknown Speaker  32:03  
about Taylor's space right now. I do not know

Speaker 2  32:07  
that Tony and I definitely can work together. My biggest constraint is going to be, this is a job that needs to be 100% this is what you're doing daily. There are many topics, and there's a lot of detail on this. I'll show you the text Tony.

Unknown Speaker  32:29  
What did he say? I'll show you. You

Speaker 2  32:39  
up? Yeah, I'm sure so he's a buyer, right? He Tony. Every time Tony has been wandering, he is not a right person for doing something like conventional re transformation of the code? No, no. He's a guy for doing algorithmically elegant. He's brilliant, and that's all

Speaker 1  33:00  
he cares. And I love my CTO is just like him, yeah, he gets just like it like, yeah, yeah. It's just, I love being around I mean, that's why I'll enjoy you, because I love being around that knowledge base,

Speaker 2  33:14  
the mediation piece that Zora has, yeah, it was done as Skunk Works. Me driving what we should do. Tan was sponsoring me and Tony to go and do it.

Speaker 1  33:24  
So you have working you have working history, right? Plus he knows he's got tenure, you've got tenure. So you're both on the same level. You know he you both bring different skills. You know what his strengths are and weaknesses, which is good, so is it then a two man team where you just not to build it, just to design it.

Speaker 2  33:53  
Again, comes back to, what are we designing? So for rules and everything, I think he's the best guy, really.

Speaker 1  33:58  
Well, let me start up. Sorry to interrupt you. Let me just start what? There's a diagram, yeah, like Mine's the the Lego Land diagram, like the simple, over simplified stakeholder thing, the intersection structure. There's a there's a diagram that says, This is what's in my head. Like that feels to me. The first step is, there's a diagram that you and Tony agree on, which is how these systems interact. How do they actually live together?

Unknown Speaker  34:29  
I think that is true. You might be

Speaker 2  34:33  
It's okay. I can manage. So we'll have to bring in Errol, because he would want to be in there. Yeah, and right now, as my conversation this morning, he wants Jimmy to be on all those conversations.

Speaker 1  34:43  
I'm happy, listen. I've learned. I'm happy with Jimmy. Jimmy comes from it, from experiences. Experiences is the sharp end of a lot of this stuff, right? How it, how it, how it composes, that it's also good for Jimmy to have that, that that knowledge. So I'm not, I don't mind the village, but I do.

Speaker 2  35:03  
But the it slows you down, huh? It slows you down big time, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  35:07  
but, well, that there's, it depends.

Speaker 1  35:11  
I accept that. Okay? I accept that. So you have two choices, and the choice is yours. You just go and do it quietly, and you come back and I say, I've asked nav to do this quietly. And you come back and say, Guys, this is my lens, okay? And then we get to that meeting. Now, that's my preference. So why don't we just do that? Why don't you just go around and say, Listen, tell Errol. I'm gonna tell Manfred. I want nav to give me a picture of what this is in his head. We are all gonna then get in another room and we are going to debate and challenge and bring in the heads right in a very contained way. We'll socialise the document for the one pager first, and then nav can talk us through it now. Then, at least you've captured everything. What I'm not saying then is it then becomes a village. At least you've captured everything. Yeah, the

Speaker 2  36:14  
I think that is right. Let's do that that is anything needed, so that everyone has a bigger picture. And then we can double click each of the modules. Because starting point keep going into that how it is being built. Yeah, starting point, right?

Speaker 1  36:27  
We've already said the intersection. So if you say this is the intersection, in my head, I think

Unknown Speaker  36:33  
that's that's an obvious lady,

Unknown Speaker  36:37  
then you're unencumbered. You've

Speaker 1  36:40  
probably got a lot of this anyway, a lot of thinking around this. You can still cherry pick a conversation with Tony. Yeah, you just go run your method. So what would we what we would say is that by the end of the year, or by the end of January, or what?

Speaker 2  36:57  
No, I think early January should be fine. Okay, yeah, because I think next week,

Unknown Speaker  37:03  
go run your process. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  37:05  
early January.

Speaker 1  37:06  
I'll tell I'll chat with Errol, and I'll say what I want is, for me, is I just want a starting point. Let's do it. And I think the starting point is filtered through now's lens, right? That's number one. He's gonna seek some stakeholder input, maybe, of course, of course, just to formulate that. But he's gonna suck, rather than us pushing a pull rather than push, yeah, and then that's good, then you, then you're good. Then I what I can do is

Unknown Speaker  37:34  
the tactical delivery that anyway, these guys have to push

Speaker 2  37:39  
during that period so that they have tactical road map or commitments that they will have to continue doing.

Speaker 1  37:44  
Yeah, that's that's insulated. I need to go to Satish and say, Let's lay out the org. Now this is what I'm doing with NAV. He's running his own motion to give me this document will sit, will will so if you think about there's the story at the top, at the bottom, there's this other document. So at the very minimum, you've got a story in a document that tells you, that tells you that this is the functional design of the story. Okay, so that's the burger framework, right?

Speaker 2  38:18  
One person you're missing in that business, who is the next gen CPQ person, yeah, I can use Tony from one side, but I need to bring the next gen CPQ person, whoever that is along.

Speaker 1  38:29  
And, yeah, the problem is John, as the PM, is not technical. He's not so I need his

Unknown Speaker  38:34  
team's guy right now, if I just,

Speaker 1  38:37  
yeah, you want to do that, let me find out who that person is. Let me find out who that person is. Does the name? Does the name come to mind or not?

Speaker 2  38:47  
The entire Nixon CPU architecture design, I did it myself. I'm happy to do that still, but I don't want to make engineering feel that is the case. Yeah, you

Speaker 1  38:57  
need a champion. You need someone you can go to say, Listen, this is what I'm doing.

Speaker 2  39:02  
Yeah, I can still use silver. Actually, I can still use silver. Why not?

Speaker 1  39:08  
You're not, yeah, you're not doing any you're not saying, don't go off road map. You're saying, I need some information,

Speaker 2  39:14  
not even information. I'm just gonna give a download. Similarly, I'm gonna give a download with Tony the way, the way I run. I'll do the first car. I have them throw darts at it. Yeah, they ask questions, and that then evolves from there on. It explores sometimes. But that is good. I'm okay with that.

Speaker 1  39:30  
I think you've got to have, you've got to capture. There was, we've had a lot of debates around what is a rules First of all, I don't want to call it a rules engine, because I sent this to to Shakir. He said, we've got drills. Why do we need rules? And I hadn't had the conversation with Taylor and basically Jules just to look up.

Unknown Speaker  39:50  
No, it's a little bit more. So I'll tell you what.

Speaker 1  39:52  
Okay, well, this is true. This what I love. I get one answer from one foot. So he said to me, the rules

Speaker 2  39:57  
Taylor's just like, really, like, going all the way. Drool is actually very powerful, right? But where do you use it? Rules has two major things. Why we use because we only were factoring in the algorithms that match the mathematical libraries.

Unknown Speaker  40:13  
Drool has a very powerful support for

Speaker 2  40:16  
all of that, right? So, yes, it has a decision table, which, in a simplest word, you can call a lookup, but it's not just a lookup. There's more complexity built up just that. We use it as a lookup in a different thing, it has dynamic binding as well, which I can do, but at the same time, I can also build a decision graph as well, where the nodes can be reversed based on some context. Right at the end, I can execute mathematics as well. All that is in truth. The problem with rules, however, is I have to pre compile everything.

Speaker 1  40:47  
Yeah, that's what he said. If you change something the hot, you have to recompile it, and then and then it has to go recompile, and then be distributed across all the tenants.

Speaker 2  40:56  
Okay, not a big problem, because what I can do, I can recompile, recompilation doesn't take a long Yeah, okay, even if it takes 30 seconds, I'm okay, yeah? Because in a given tenant, I'm not gonna have more than what, 200 rules. The biggest tenants we have right now have like 100 CPQ rules, let's say 500 rules, 1000 rules, still, within 30 seconds you can compile. The only thing that we do not have coded right now is a hot reload. Basically, you have everything done running, and I just circulated and it's get reloaded. We didn't code it because it's early version. So the if I do hot reload, rules is enough for pricing. Now comes the complexity. The complexity is we have started using the same rule engine for negotiated pricing. What is negotiated pricing? You got a million customers out of million, let's say 100 customers have negotiated prices. We are using the same rate tables to store all that as well. And if I do that, every single customer has a version change, I'm freaking compiling everything. So we didn't build the architecture is not built in a way that every single customer can have an isolated table so the hot reload is contained. It's an architecture problem, not a rules problem.

Unknown Speaker  42:11  
So would you, are you saying, then

Speaker 1  42:16  
that drools could be the substrate to all of this or that question.

Speaker 2  42:21  
This is why I gave that diagram to Errol, that you got a single abstraction optimizer, or whatever arrow calls it, optimizer, behind that rule engine and constraints. But you can have five implementations. Rules could be just my pricing implementation. I have product matching, inclusion, exclusion, going through constraints. I can have go rules into that. I can have dmn for something else. I need to map the right technology for the right thing,

Speaker 1  42:51  
yeah, okay, so, and also, you have to think about, what's the future going to be a year from now? Does it? You know, rules probably are not going to be needed anymore, yeah, yeah. So that's exactly right. So that's the end, like, that's the question you have to ask, is, if I build this, do I end up building a legacy approach that I can't unwind? Right?

Speaker 2  43:13  
So let's not forget the grammar for all of this is always same. If this then and this, or this then do this. That is do this could be a mathematical calculation and expression or a notification action, whatever that expression

Speaker 1  43:31  
is, that thing is, that's a very important thing, right? Because there is a natural resistance in this business. So there's a reaction to we build features for customers, which results in we have this thing. Why would we build something else that's like, this internalised? We got rules, yeah, yeah. So that's that thing, right? Well, we don't build for customers. We're not building features. We're building for value. Now that's a new motion, but it's like, we don't want to build something new. Here's the default. So immediately shakes response is, we have tools. Why would we not build on that? So what I need is in order to take a technical view up,

Speaker 2  44:15  
we need a reasoning framework at dog that where are we? Why should we be doing

Speaker 1  44:20  
this value and use value as the motivator? Okay, if we want to deliver value, true value, which has it has a vision of what the future value will be we have to build in this way draw. This is the precise limitation of drawers. Yes, it does all of this stuff, but it cannot do this stuff. Now we then we have a choice. Do we use drools and or do we just not use drills?

Speaker 2  44:49  
Just say that I don't care about that. Performance can suck. Let's use them.

Speaker 1  44:54  
I get it. That's that's part of the decision tree. Your decision tree, okay?

Unknown Speaker  45:02  
It's a very there's a lot of factors,

Speaker 2  45:06  
and it's very obvious. It's a big undertaking. That's why I keep on saying that. I fear my bank is gonna come in the way, because the way it needs to be done is 100% focus, no distraction. Just do, do, do, do, do.

Speaker 1  45:22  
Well, my argument is gonna be, do you want commerce foundation or not? Right? So let's that's a problem. Let's stack rank that

Speaker 2  45:31  
they will say, yes, yeah. But then if I go to PP, is gonna be like, Dude, you are a VP. You want me to tell you how many things you need to do. You have to decide, right? The AI, infrastructure, architecture, or this or that. So now I only have two people. That's where I struggle.

Speaker 1  45:46  
Well, you've got a stack rank, then you've got to either motivate them, or you've got to say, Listen, I think the, I think the most important thing for me to do is this, right? And honestly, if my stuff comes number five, so I have to live with that. I mean, genuinely, you see, what I believe is, I believe individuals have got to use their own stack ranking. It's like Errol. Errol, subtly changed, as I said that the other day, I will take what you give me if you say, Jonathan, you don't owe me anything. You've got a stack rank to what you think the value of the business is. That's it. I'll take what you give me.

Speaker 2  46:21  
That's right, right. Let's let me work through this, because I do believe mid January or something, we can have all this done because Tony is there. I'll see how much time I get from Siva for that. If I have to fly and sit with SIVA early January, I'll probably do that. So be it 10 days, and then it is doable. And to be honest, if you ask what I would think this is p1

Unknown Speaker  46:52  
because it covers a whole lot.

Speaker 1  46:54  
You have to motivate for that. Independent of me, this

Speaker 2  46:59  
is where Pete says, these things show me some gains, so that I'm motivated, right? So it's like, it's a chicken and egg somewhere. You got to think, yeah, so some of

Speaker 1  47:09  
you have to put it well, why don't you, why don't you do it like this, right? You you do your internal stack ranking and say, Listen, you're p1 or p2 or whatever it is you do that. And I'm super cool with whatever you tell me, because I will recalibrate my delivery, and I will change my subtle emphasis. I mean, listen, I was emphasis on Zephyr six months ago, because now I'm not so emphasised on Zephyrs, because Zephyr it suits me to not emphasise that, because I have other things to do. So I will take what you give me as an input, I'll change my internal calibration, and then that my output will change, but I'm not going to pressurise you to give me one thing. You tell me what?

Speaker 2  47:58  
Next week I'm meeting Pete. I think this is a good input to that discussion. Look, this is my map. What do you think I should be focused on?

Speaker 1  48:07  
Yeah, and he's got to recalibrate his thing as well. Like, because what Pete wants is new SKUs, right? So if you want a new SKU there's two places to look well, one place at the moment, is experiences. So experiences can be a very simplified thing. Just give me my account, right? Maybe commerce foundation is the skew of the future. So does it? When does he want that skew? When does he want omni channel? So again, he has to calibrate. See, I think what we tend to do is we tend to say, I want this. You have to give me this. No, that's wrong. I say, Here's my business case to you. Here's my thesis. Let me I've laid it out in front of you. You take that. You stack rank because you've got other hypotheses and other thesis and other business cases I don't know about that's it. Let Pete stack rank you, and then I'll take what you give me.

Speaker 2  49:11  
I respect that. That's that's really the way to approach. That allows me as well to have an open conversation. Because here's Mike, my problem is not a problem. My reality is my immediate boss doesn't care. He would be like so I have to make a new boss, which is Pete, and I have to go and tell him, this is where it is. So let's work with and he has been supportive, if I'm telling

Unknown Speaker  49:36  
the truth, he has been very supportive. He has been supportive of

Unknown Speaker  49:40  
commerce as well, and

Speaker 2  49:44  
not for you to share with anyone. He also indicated to me that you need to be more involved, because I don't think the solution.

Speaker 1  49:52  
I'd say that's true. That's something I've been like, there's one thing I've learned working with llms, is that we have our own we have our own graphs, right? We have our own foundational models, we have our own vector space to deal with. And all we, all we can do successfully individually, is input into your front I input into your your model of the world, right? You take that model, you reshape it to your more, and then eventually we come to an outcome that's a unified model, right?

Speaker 2  50:32  
LLM Council has come together. Yeah, that's it. So let's, let's, that's what we do. That's the next big thing. The LLM Council

Unknown Speaker  50:42  
actually that that is coming. We do, but

Unknown Speaker  50:44  
honestly, we would do better if we,

Speaker 1  50:50  
if we, if we, each of us synthesise what we want into a markdown like everything that you could possibly think of. Or if we were each our own frontier models and the and we and our Markdown file was, this is what I want, just synthesise the best course of action. All we're trying to do is, in a very clunky, human way, create the LLM Council, right? But we're the problem is, we're all biassed. We have emotions

Unknown Speaker  51:27  
and personal goals and all that kind of stuff.

Speaker 2  51:30  
People used to say this, right? You should have something that you wake up for every morning. And actually what you're saying relates to that, that if I have my Markdown file and it's prioritised, that what is my pathway, what is like stack ranking and all that, and I take out your emotions, you will do much better, because there's one goal and you would actually achieve it, or you will drop it and never come back because you have resolved it. But we actually run five to 10 squares in parallels not completed. Keep on just riddling in it, and that is actually

Speaker 1  52:01  
and we wake up and we feel different. We want something different. And Harold gets frustrated with Satish and mu, and he wants to escalate. And then that creates a subtle friction and a defensiveness in move, and all these emotions overlap these kind of critical paths that we should just be following. So I don't know, but I think I love the idea of I can now think when I wake my internal model is I've given I've given you nav a set of I've translated to you an objective and a set of decisions. You take that and do it, yeah? You run with that, and then we're cool. Now I'd have to think about anything till the beginning of January. Perfect.

Speaker 2  52:51  
Yeah, cool. Good Good job. Yeah, but are you leaving tomorrow?

Speaker 1  52:55  
Tomorrow, night, tomorrow, four o'clock tomorrow. So I'm gonna 4pm or 4pm Yeah? So I'm gonna do some work tonight and then do some work. Yeah, I gotta, you know, it's like that backlog that built up over the last

Speaker 2  53:12  
week this week was good. I was good. I think many, many pending alignment items, which everyone sees it now, I could see Manfred being very comfortable, like, Oh my god. Finally, we are getting there. Errol is still sensitive. But I think once you start seeing

Speaker 1  53:30  
things, Manfred is super chill, though, right? He's like, he's like, come on, yeah, it's like, he's not a friction guy. I think his biggest problem is that team, team took a chunk out of him, you know, he's like, they have a bit of friction together, but he's a chill guy, you know, he's an experienced guy as well, right?

Speaker 2  53:53  
Yeah, he's a good guy. I mean, opposite personalities, Errol and my friend, totally opposite. Errol is like, every time he talks to him, hey, there's my rise, my 87 stack rank. That that thing I can I mean, I told everyone. If you say that once more, yeah, I'll tell you before you join. I'll tell you, I'll speak that sentence for you. I'm starting to now memorise every single little word.

Speaker 1  54:21  
Yeah, there's a pattern there. There is a definite pass it down. It's a defensive pattern. It's an insulation pattern,

Speaker 2  54:27  
because the other things and so do I as well. Sometimes that the brand equity has taken ahead, but then he hasn't rationalised that this is over. Bad equity can take a hit because the dynamics. And secondly, you got to you got to learn from that as well. I learned as well. I learned few things. I learned that I should not have listened to convoy. My biggest learning convoy is a hobbyist does something, and he made me want to do this as well. Second problem, I was given a team random people didn't even know commerce caravan. I had to educate for first six months. I should have walked away, but I didn't walk away. So I didn't do a good job at creating a narrative, which is what I realised this time, like that narrative that, like I needed someone to bounce it back. And then came arrow. I was like, Errol, can create a narrative. But if I see arrow has so deep knowledge that his biases of that knowledge creep in that others feel disconnected or threatened by those heavy

Speaker 1  55:27  
they don't understand the language exactly, just at the simple level, right? They don't understand. Manfred does not understand sometimes what Errol is saying, and Manfred is a smart guy,

Unknown Speaker  55:41  
marketing doesn't understand. No

Speaker 1  55:44  
one understands. I have to take seriously. I mean, first of all, I know where the brain is. Errol is a brain. I have to synthesise. Sometimes have to synthesise. I have to Google what he's telling me. Like, what does that actually mean? What's that word mean? Right? Because I want to be very precise about what's the translation of that word in his mind to mine. So there's that. But the other thing is, what you have, what you've been very, very careful with rice. Rice is used as a quantitative framework, but it's 100% qualitative, because you are doing it, you are interpreting what the customer says to you correct, and you are ranking and scoring it. Yes, there's a quantitative people use it as a quantitative framework, but it's a qualitative measure, huge internal bias. What am I hearing to,

Speaker 2  56:33  
let's say, somebody who doesn't different, they'll be different, correct?

Speaker 1  56:38  
That's the problem, right? To be very, very careful with rice, because you use it as a weapon, but it's, it's a fundamentally not that. It's a simpler representation of your interpretation of the customer.

Speaker 2  56:52  
So you are creating a market, but that market eventually may not even exist. And secondly, what rice doesn't give me, it tells me the current pain point of what they are facing. We're not asking, would you have this in six months from now? Would it rank as one of the top three priorities to trigger a transformation? The biggest challenge in our space is going to be, hey, you have this already. Let me transform your experience. People are going to be like, Nope, it works for me.

Speaker 1  57:21  
So the other thing is, why acquisition the cash work so well? Because I told the customers over and over again. I told the sales people over and over again, that's where you want to be no rise framework, correct? This is like, that's where you should be, right?

Speaker 2  57:39  
You know, if you had a catalogue associate with it, if

Speaker 1  57:43  
you had a catalogue like that, you have to have the technical foundation. That's the but the bottom of the bun again, if you had a catalogue like that, imagine what you could do with it. Yeah. Anyway. So, yeah, I'm super excited about it. I would not get it done without you, but you, you, I think there is many a slip between cup and lip, right? There's a lot of places this will fall down. But I think if we are very methodical about it and build the story and the proof points, we'll be all right.

Speaker 2  58:22  
We got to approach it in arms over others. I like I was not ready for you to say this that okay, let's do what should be the end state first, because that's sometimes I've tried that that is not what flies at Zora, at Zora workplace, is this is what we need to deliver. Let's do that. And time and again I tried that. You can ask Mo. Mo doesn't like me at all for that, because I would say, Hang on, customer. Ask, sure. But customer is not aware that we are developing the product or not. Let's do what instead would be. Then, if you want me to say I'm only going to do this little flavour of it, which is 6% of the whole thing, I would say that because we have an agreement and we have a vision that is shared, we don't do that over here. And if you want to bring in that, that's why my brain has tuned to that. That's not enough.

Speaker 1  59:10  
But you know, what's interesting about that is it's very hard for peers, engineering peers, to do that to each other, like because what will happen is the language will always come back to the engineering language, the concepts, Right? And so this is just my observation in moves framework of how he thinks he has to he is he will look at me and go.

Unknown Speaker  59:47  
He went from there to there.

Speaker 1  59:50  
So I need to be a little bit cautious about how I interact with this person. So it's just like, just a subtle wealth, a bit of respect or a bit of

Unknown Speaker  1:00:02  
just momentum.

Speaker 1  1:00:06  
The trick is, no, not the trick. My bet is on first principles, right? That's my bet. Build properly, understand the minds of the people I'm working with, and then champion those. My mistake will be, if we get it wrong, if it's wrong, I'm happy with that. Honestly, I got nothing to lose. But if you don't bet on people having vision, and I've got to be honest with you, if you if you come in, if you take look at it through my lens, you Errol. Manfred, Tony Taylor, whatever, Jimmy, these are good bets to have. I mean, like to be a very oversimplified about it. I know when to make I know I'm good at betting on people. It's just a synthesis of great ideas, right? Yeah, I'm just the storyteller, that's it. But I would do, I do. I'm sorry. I'm being a bit over reductive about myself. I do want the engineering bit. That's the bit I love. That's the unlock, the elegance,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:22  
the well done architecture actually unlocks

Speaker 2  1:01:27  
you can build very fast, and now where we are, we need to focus on that even more. Let me

Speaker 1  1:01:32  
ask you a question, why have you stuck around? Though? Like, it's a yes, like it's always a bit of a frustrating place, like you're

Speaker 2  1:01:38  
multiple things. Okay, so I joined in Australia. You joined in Australia? Yeah. I joined his world. Back in Australia, I was in Australia, really?

Speaker 1  1:01:47  
Yeah. Was that when Mark ganyer was there, or was he come laughter?

Speaker 2  1:01:50  
So I joined in 2018 Mark Garnet came in 2022

Unknown Speaker  1:01:56  
was Andrew Robertson. Andrew

Speaker 2  1:01:58  
came after me. Andrew came just when I was leaving. Okay, so all these solution architects that they have over there were hired by me. I even interviewed Charles as my boss for my boss. So I rebuilt that team. Before Pete, prior to Pete, we had three, yeah, he was the next dynamics guy. So we meet in the zone, because everybody was like, you need this guy over there, because he understands Zora very well, and the zone is almost doesn't give it. Give a note for churn, and they said, We will not talk to anybody at Zohra. You guys are over here. So Sri goes in. I go flying from Australia. I reach like 4pm three is still in the air. He said, We will meet at 10pm when I left in my hotel on the outskirts near April. So we worked until next 4:30am to build a slide when I did not know anything about the zone. That was my journey with Sri, and she was like, What the hell

Unknown Speaker  1:03:11  
are you? Are you in GS, I wasn't. I did

Speaker 2  1:03:15  
majority of the implementation that happened between 2018 actually, majority of the customers that were private, because in 23 I've touched all of those in Australia.

Speaker 1  1:03:26  
All. That's why you have such a good, functional knowledge of Zora. Yeah, I know that. I was trying to work out how you have such breath.

Speaker 2  1:03:32  
Well, I come from telco orders to revenue space.

Speaker 1  1:03:38  
You understand the space, and then you understand you've touched all the colours of the implementation

Speaker 2  1:03:44  
order management systems. I've done makes sense to me. I've done assigned products. I have been in operation support at switch level. I've been pre bid billing, post bid billing, done all of that.

Speaker 1  1:03:57  
And I said, I do have a good eye. Well, there's, there's a subtle I have a radar.

Speaker 2  1:04:03  
I'm not, I'm not selling myself. I have a radar. Appreciate it, but yeah, I have a radar. There are better people than me. But yes, yeah, that's when I came to r&d. When I came to r&d, my first job was an architect, but they had crisis with the zone and zoom. To me, that was a new challenge altogether. I was in the zone I was in zoom. I was

Speaker 1  1:04:25  
flying in. So you're also customer facing as well. That makes a big difference. So you understand the pain from the customer's lens. It's an interesting thing, isn't it? It's a very subtle colour to how you think about how you design

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41  
outside, in versus inside, changes it completely.

Speaker 2  1:04:45  
There was a time actually, both Gazan and zoom sent an email to Sri and then to be we don't want anyone here only now can travel. Actually, this happened in his own CTO Sandeep. He said, Do you know why you are here? I didn't even know 50 people, all the zone directors, plus. And he said, You are the only vendor here. In fact, I got a job offer from him I take line,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:10  
which probably I should not have.

Speaker 2  1:05:15  
Yeah, see sliding doors within Zora. I've been doing different jobs. Then the catalogue came along, then catalogue came along. I had a hard time with tamo and with Zora politics, getting things done, from it

Speaker 1  1:05:28  
being aligned to Tamworth. I'm very experienced, and tamo is a hard character.

Speaker 2  1:05:36  
He can be a hard character. He can evaluate me in different circumstances. But when you come in the way of delivery and say, This is how we do it, we don't do anything else. Backward city, copy code,

Speaker 1  1:05:47  
it is hard. No, it's hard because he's an unpredictable very is a bit of a narcissist. It's a super brain, but it's very even for experience, even for someone with tenure, it's a very experienced it takes a it takes a very, very, very experienced human being to navigate town. It's hard.

Speaker 2  1:06:10  
We can't navigate anywhere. I do not know. But anyway, long story short is I've had like, four jobs, three or four jobs at Zora in my head that kept me interested, entrusted into Zora.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:24  
And honestly, I have had say as well.

Speaker 2  1:06:27  
But last this year hasn't been that great. Quite honestly, this year, on personal level, I've been

Unknown Speaker  1:06:34  
doing a lot of family

Unknown Speaker  1:06:36  
things because family, you lost

Speaker 2  1:06:38  
your dad. So my mind has been there. And then I decided to tell tanvo, don't bug me. End up going stop. Then when CPQ came along, I was like, this is job number five. I'm gonna do it. So that's when me and Dean had a strike, which is happening, which is okay, I don't mind this, that's corporate, but I feel Zora could have been something. But I also feel Zora comes in their own way, like we keep on saying we have plenty of data. I'm the only one who's vocal and say that data is not what we think it is. We don't freaking even capture behaviours. We capture the action and the outcome. You can predict something, but not everything, but still, let's get it out there. Let's learn the company hasn't been able to get the data out in

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31  
two years. Do you think

Unknown Speaker  1:07:34  
because my lens is a little bit

Speaker 1  1:07:37  
my lens is, and I said this to team when I came to Zora, I was going to do three years, and I've gone right, because I'm not a corporate guy. I enjoy the enjoy working it out, but it's not my life. I've met. I left corporate 25 years but this is very this is to me, like I gets my head going. I enjoy it. There's a problem, and I want to solve the problem. So I have two years before I have to make a decision if, do I stay or do I go? And that's why, in truth, if, if it's just a constant process of blockers. I mean, I could just have stayed as AI pay wall. I didn't need to do this. But this interests me a lot.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:30  
And I guess my question to you is, it

Speaker 1  1:08:37  
feels like if we delivered this over the next year? I mean, I always think about, do, I mean, I'll learn something whether I stay in two years or not, is irrelevant. But it feels like, if we delivered this thing over a year, that's something you can write about, like, like, just like, that's something you can go, when you go, when you finally do resign, and you go, Well, you know, I did, you know that that commerce, Omni channel commerce that's always got, that's mine. And let me tell you the story about how we got there. Story was a bit of a shit pop I've been through, you know, and one day we all got together and we said, this is what we're going to build. That's my story. That's how I think about this. It's irrelevant if I'm here in two years time or not. Yeah, I have to stay for two years. Two years is an infinite lifetime in this business. But if I walked away from this saying, you know, that caught that, that Zora thing, like, why Zora one? Why Zora got 5x you know, because we'll probably sell to work day, right? Awful one. That's what happened. That's where it's all getting peeled up Todd's probably the most important person in this company, because it's all about financial engineering. But workday are gonna on its merits. Look at are we future forward, or did we just build for today? And they're not stupid. If they don't want to buy a current day product, they want to build a product. So I think workday wants omni channel.

Speaker 2  1:10:13  
I would think so, because they are all middle to back only. Yeah, that to middle to back on the other end of the story. They're not middle to back on this side of story any bigger than this. That's a lot of data they get. So they're going to look at the data, because that's more valuable than the process in one to two years. And you're right. That's actually what kept me going as well that I have heard slowly, when I started catalogue project, when I sold it to Pete Moo came to me and said, not gonna work. We have tried it four times failed. Okay. I went to Christine and said, You guys had tried it. Tell me, what were the pitfalls that's not gonna work. We tried it. Okay? I went to moves, most trusted engineer, Beijing. I said, Please, I've been told you were on that I can share the repo. Not easy, not doable. It'll die. You can't even test it out. That, to me, felt like

Unknown Speaker  1:11:09  
I got to do it so absolutely.

Speaker 2  1:11:13  
But I set some ridiculous goals. This was my first project with thumbnail. I had never worked with thunder. I did not know how to navigate. I always kept on telling him whenever I'm telling myself when I was frustrated, he won't want me to fail. He gave me some counter intuitive directions, and he would bring people in directly, my team in, and would say, don't listen

Speaker 1  1:11:37  
to NAV. Do this. Yeah, it's Mo.

Speaker 2  1:11:40  
So I was like, there were days that I was like, I'm resigning today.

Speaker 1  1:11:45  
Yeah, that's why I said it's complex. You can't work like that. You it's very,

Speaker 2  1:11:51  
very I did resign November 2023 really, but you came back? Yeah, I was convinced by Team tango, and a team called me. He was like, why? What do you not have here? What else do you want? You're doing one of the biggest possible project. And then he told me this, the only problem you have is a team vote. You do not know how to navigate.

Speaker 1  1:12:16  
No one knows how to navigate, unless you're tam boys, direct boss. I asked tam boy, I'm very interested in my little tam Moy, because tam Moy tries to one wants to dominate me by telling me the only reason I'm here is because he vows to me like, I'm like, I'm beholden to him. So we having a very big conversation. He's telling me how big, you know, all his ideas. And I said to him one day, I said, Sam, boy, you know what's really interesting is you're like, super brain, all this kind of stuff. Why have you never started a company? Yeah, I won't tell you his answer. I know. Well, he told me it was because he has anxiety.

Speaker 2  1:12:58  
Yes, that's exactly what he does everyone Yeah, and he does have anxiety, okay?

Speaker 1  1:13:02  
But what I wanted to tell him was, it takes a different type of person to start a business. Takes a different type of person to start three businesses and exit all of them, right? So I know, I know other things to Tamil. I'm not a rocket scientist by any means, but I know a few other things. So I guess what you're telling me is that that you do think there's a thing we can do, yeah, and it's like, you know, it's like, rather die trying, right? Let's see if

Speaker 2  1:13:32  
we can build it. I won't die. I'll tell you, this is my last try.

Speaker 1  1:13:37  
Yeah, it's like, that's and feels like that, yeah, now that I give it that go, because you can go anywhere. I mean, I will, you can go anywhere, I don't know, but you can go anywhere, definitely, definitely.

Speaker 2  1:13:49  
Thanks. But the thing is, right now, and this is what I asked Peter. You're calling architecture. Zora doesn't is not a place where architecture is a thing. This is before our conversation, when I was having an honest moment with Peter as well, because billing says I have to enjoy good video. I don't have time for architecture the foundation. Yeah, I'm gonna do it. Okay? So what do I do? I can I don't have authority. I have influence, right? So influencing without authority in Zora doesn't work. You can form partnerships now you come with a different, new lens. That's why I think we can work together. Yeah, we can. But imagine that if I kept on influencing the existing breed of people. L also came a new thing. That's why I work with man for the same the old PMS. If I go especially Lu named or someone else, no way.

Speaker 1  1:14:42  
It's a it's a subtlety. Listen, I'll be honest with you, if I left and started a company, you'd be higher number two.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:50  
I would love that.

Speaker 1  1:14:54  
Although no doubt about it,

Speaker 2  1:14:58  
I look forward to that. Yeah, that's one of my goals. Yeah, I would

Unknown Speaker  1:15:01  
definitely. I mean, like, I know

Speaker 1  1:15:04  
there's few people. I mean, there's a few people in my career I've gone that's just the guy I want to work with, or the or the person I want to work with so listen, we're going to get to we're going to get to do that under the cover of no risk, right? That's great. We can all sleep at night, because starting going to a startup, or starting a startup is a hard fly, but I think we let's be really methodical about it. So what we've agreed is your vision is transposed onto a piece of paper. First. That's not that's job to be done number one. And then in a year's time, we'll either we'll be sitting here and we'll go, well done. You're off. We've either done it or not done it. I'll still have a year to go, you'll be off to wherever, anthropic or whatever, and then, at least we gave it a shot, eh? Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm here for.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:05  
I remember the first time we met

Speaker 1  1:16:08  
you white it was tonight. You whiteboarded our back office, middle office, front office, I'll never forget it. And I was sitting there going, I know nothing about this company. I have not got coach. You actually helped me spin up very quickly on it. Yeah? I like, I got this question. I got the concepts right.

Speaker 2  1:16:27  
We got middle to back, but we need to go from middle to front. I remember saying that, yeah. And then when I saw edu, I was like, yeah, basically, that's what it is, and that's what I've been driving because I fundamentally believe and I think Zora is late, and consistently I have proven to Zora. I'm not bragging now, but I have data points to say that I sent an email to team, let's go into mediation and usage. This is just a fast it was usage. This was four years ago that I sent an email. Then I've been saying, We got to go to front. We got to go to front. Let's push one bit at a time, and the aggregation is coming. Now, if you see, everybody is aggregating, so we got six months to have a big splash around. If you can't do that, then the name will not it will be harder. Six months is a good time for us to splash and face. Yeah, we got it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:17:23  
Have you spent time with Abhishek and Arvind and the guy team? They're interesting guys. If you see them in the corridor, you should speak to them, because they have a very interesting lens of Zora. You won't be surprised by the lens. Probably not. I've spoken to Yeah. Tols is nice. He's a nice guy, too. I spent a bit of time with

Speaker 2  1:17:47  
Tulse too. I haven't spoken with Arvind and Abhishek.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:50  
Arvin's interesting because he's now trying to do the GS thing,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:55  
yeah, and Abhishek,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:59  
yeah. They don't have high opinions of

Speaker 2  1:18:03  
they're happy that they got paid. And they got paid way, way more than what they would have expected.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:08  
Oh, yeah, they did, all right.

Speaker 1  1:18:13  
He tells me good stories, yeah, because also they would, I think what Zora wanted was their go to market as well. But then, you know, but then it fizzled out because they didn't want, they don't want that market. It's really interesting. We think about the amount of money that was paid, and for zebra

Speaker 2  1:18:36  
thrown away. I do know I told tan boy, whatever they have, it is a one and a half month work for us. If you give me a team of five good engineers, I'll get you there two months you have it. So someone was like, Nope, I'm also getting them for grey matter. They are solid people here doesn't have their IQ,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:02  
expensive way to bring people in.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:05  
I'm not complaining, by the way,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:08  
really not complaining. I'm glad they did it. Look.

Speaker 2  1:19:12  
They got paid. It's not no harm to me. I'm happy. No, no, no, it's interesting.

Speaker 1  1:19:19  
All right, man, listen, I really, really appreciate you coming over. Genuinely appreciate it, and thank you. Appreciate the direction as well.

Speaker 3  1:19:30  
Yeah, so I'm gonna leave you alone. You I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:20:14  
is coming back. You Good Hi, I You You You

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
