Speaker 1  0:00  
And back up, I lead our PE partnerships, and then workday co sell in North America. So really sales?

Speaker 2  0:10  
Yeah. Do you want to tell me what a PE partnership looks like? What does that actually? What does that do? Yeah.

Speaker 1  0:17  
So I'll share our PE field guide with you, which, which really is the kind of how I break it down, but let me just kind of give you, like a couple, a couple minutes on it so you can understand it, and then obviously stop me anytime. But I mean, actually, I probably should start with with this, right? So if you, if you look at our business, quite a lot of it, and there's some duplication here in the in the large ARR number that you see, so like some PE firms own, well, you know, there might be like Silver Lake and Tomo Bravo, own, own, one customer together, right? But we track across. Call it like 50 P firms, almost 3000 accounts that are that are owned by them, right? And a pretty substantial amount of ARR and then, you know, opportunities are owned by private equity firms that we have relationships with now. We don't have formal partnerships with all of these. Some are more important than others. I kind of break it down into kind of three tiers, tier one, tier two and tier three. But like, you know, I'll be speaking with VISTA later today on a quarterly check in on what's going on in the VISTA portfolio, right? And just to kind of play that example out for you here, right? If I go here and click Vista, see if this works. Okay? So you'll see, I track like, what are the customers that we own with VISTA? What are live opportunities that we have there? What are some of the kind of strong targets, such as, like a smart sheet, for example, that they've recently acquired that I think would be a very good fit for us. And we try to, well, I say we, it's really me, you know, meet with some of the stakeholders in the in the kind of the CFO office quote to cash base and and try to talk to them about what's going on our value prop. So, you know, we did a demo with VISTA the other month. I brought Chad Conley on to talk about collections and our AI strategy, which they appreciated and thought was very interesting. And, you know, I think, as it relates to the thread that got us connected here, there's a lot of fatigue in, in PE around, you know, legacy, Salesforce, CPQ, and there's apprehension to move to RCA and, and, You know, agentic billing, or whatever they're calling it, and and so my view is, there is, and I've heard this from like the Lloyds quote to cash PE leader to, you know, there's an opportunity for Zora to come to market with a CPQ and modern commerce message. I mean, everyone knows we're a, we're a strong billing and revenue solution. But I think, like in terms of injecting some new energy into this motion, if, if I could go to these PE firms and say, Hey, we've got some exciting updates for Zora CPQ, which actually, by the way, like a lot of like vertical, SaaS companies actually use it. I wouldn't say they're, they're necessarily happy about it, and it's kind of under, under known if that's if that's a term in the market that, like we that it's kind of even out there.

Unknown Speaker  4:17  
But my view is,

Speaker 1  4:21  
I think we could do some damage in a good way for Zora and create, you know, pipeline and opportunities, if we could go in and say, hey, you know, Zora has got a great CPQ. It ties into our broader AI story, which is also something that they're interested to hear about. And like, you know, there's just a lot of firms that own a lot of customers or have a bunch of opportunities that, that we could, that we could take this to right? And so there's about, call it, a dozen firms that we really care about, upwards of 20 that we could, that we could talk to about this stuff. And yeah, so it's

Speaker 2  4:55  
good as good lead. I mean, yeah, I can see the, I can see the, what the top of the funnel looks like it's kind of it in it's inverted. It's a bet it's whatever they call it, narrow at the top, wide in the middle, and then, and then slightly narrow at the bottom right. I get, yeah, I think it makes perfect sense. I think the the bit that I'm interested in is the story around this and how we present CPQ, so you talked about the wider commerce solution. The story that I've been telling is, obviously we have this acquisition to cash narrative, which was a useful way of kind of getting the business to think about acquisition to order right, because we typically had not done that. We typically started at quote to cash or order to cash. But there's a whole world upstream, which is this, this dream of omni channel commerce, right? Which is something that Errol denga has been talking about for some time. We have an acquisition to cash story in media, but it's not big enough or important enough for the business to really pay attention to it. So the so this, the story that we're starting to formulate is around this true acquisition to cash, which is represented through omni channel commerce. And and the story begins, I think, with forget our segments. You know, whether we're interested in sub 100 or above 100 or because I think the ICP can sometimes be a distraction, but if we just talk about the types of companies that we could enable, and this is not a distant future. This is really about, how do we shape the existing roadmap to meet a market, right? So none of this is kind of, we're going to we're going to move the cheese and become something different. All of these components exist, but they've existed in a very fragmented way, and in in in many ways. There's a join between catalogue, experiences, rules, CPQ that doesn't exist. There's a kind of a brain in the middle. You know, we're building this out as this comes some kind of orchestration layer that's typically been duplicated across different road maps. But actually, I'm trying to extract out and create a single focus on, how do all these systems integrate? And the integration, or the intersection, is the thing that delivers omni channel. So again, back to my original point. The customer story is, if you are self serve, and I typically don't like to use plg and SLG, because I think they're a bit too rigorous, you know, kind of, they put something in your mind immediately about who you're speaking to. But if you're a self serve customer, then you should be able to, or if you want a self serve motion, you should be able to let your customers come in and interact with your product catalogue through some experience, without there being any service layer on your side, right? So just kind of, I'm a plg. I want to spin up some kind of plg experience, and I want to do that in a wholly self serve way. So I need a front end. I need a catalogue. I don't need any CPQ. I need, you know, we will put billing. You know, what does billing light or look like, so I won't touch the order to cash story. Then at some point, you get to a place where you might need some you decide you want to be a little bit more sophisticated on your go to market, and you decide to put some kind of configurable element to your product page. Maybe it's your enterprise cell allows someone to tweak some of the variables so you interact with the catalogue in a self managed way. But again, it's still not sales assisted. Then you get to a point where you say, actually, you know, I'm kind of ready to do this, but I need something bespoke now that could be agent assisted in today's new land kick landscape, or it could be a service rep, and that's where this, this this kind of context, hands over what you're doing as a customer into you're not at the deal room yet, right? You're in this kind of place where you're trying to configure and get to a point where maybe you do need a quote, but it's not the thing that's in front of you right now. And you don't actually need a full blown CPQ experience. You just need some, you know, there's a few things you need to kind of get right and then that's going to be good enough for you. Maybe you need a few, few extra seats, or some, you know, 100 extra seats. Or you need some new capacity. Or you want one thing that isn't included in the enterprise plan, or, you know, it's a usage based component that maybe you're above the threshold, something like so that's where you interact through a light touch CPQ. And then as you grow you, you know, we know that as you get to a certain revenue and you at your enterprise strategy builds out, you need more of a CPQ. And then you may actually get to a portion of your business that's entirely sells lead, right? So there's, there's both this, the the kind of point in time story, which is, well, we're not telling a growth story. We just want to be able to service anywhere on the sales motion. You know, anyone on the sales motion with all the stuff that we've currently got today, or we want to tell the story as a sales team that we're going to take you from 100 mil to a billion plus, right? So we're going to grow with you. We're going to we're going to help you evolve your strategy. You don't know CPQ is going to be what you need, but you are going to need CPQ at some point. And why do you need to rip and replace your system? You know, you might think you're starting light with stripe, but actually what's going to happen is when you get to three and I mean, assuming stripe stands still, which is not going to happen. But, you know, there's some assumptions here, and then there's sales led companies that want to become more agent led, right? So they want more self serve. They don't, you know that they were very sales led, but they want more of an agentic or a service level in the middle. So they go and back down, the other way. So the reason for that breed kind of narrative is, is, is that the narrative that you have in your mind, or is it only a portion of that which is a better CPQ, next generation of CPQ that has catalogue integration? So I don't want to over bake how I think about the P firms, but what's your reaction?

Speaker 1  11:18  
I think it's, I think it's it's interesting. It's definitely not something that that we talk about. I mean, a lot of, a lot of my discussions with P firms are kind of with the CFO office, more like in the kind of downstream, rev, rec, hardcore billing, right? And so what you're talking about, I think could open up some discussions with more of like the go to market growth oriented operators and also, and kind of, then, you know, more of the kind of CIO technical type operators as well that are thinking about this strategy, and feel that, feel that pain point from from Salesforce. And then I think, to the extent that we could infuse some competitive perspectives on why Zora provides a more flexible approach along that spectrum, right? And, you know, they made a lot of like tuck in acquisitions are happening in private equity, which can present different companies with different ways that they sell, but like a flexible monetization layer that can adapt with companies as you kind of transform them, bring on more acquisitions and can enable you to sell in different ways. Is, a pretty, you know, sophisticated way to reflect our value. I think, you know, some of the narrative around, like the product catalogue and what that needs to look like with legacy sales force versus new sales force. Or if there's anything, any implications, there will be important as well. But yeah, I think, I think it's um, you know, we did get a decent amount of interest. I did some, like, thought leadership around, like, AI monetization last year. It was, it was well received. But ultimately, like, those people weren't, like, making buying decisions for for quote to revenue, or billing in revenue.

Unknown Speaker  13:21  
But I just, I just wonder,

Speaker 1  13:25  
given the market fatigue and frustration with Salesforce, is there an opportunity for us to kind of go out and have more discussions with growth oriented operators around what Zora can can bring to the table here?

Speaker 2  13:42  
But I guess that's the kind of feedback that I'm looking to explore, right? So I think the story receives a thumbs up from the wider field, because as a salesperson, what it enables you to do is to adapt your story depending on the customer that you're sitting in front of. So if you're a no, if you're in Noam, maybe you know and you're not interested in complex, anything other than complex B to B SARS. It does give you the scope to talk about this. Self sales led to self serve trajectory. But also, if you go and speak to Paulo or to mark gagne in EMEA and APAC, 60% of their business, certainly in Amir. I think it's even more in a pack, is B to, is B to any right, it so, so they have a lot of appetite for for and also the size of the companies are completely different as well. So you typically 10x a US company, when you're thinking about the sales op, what is the I'm writing our strategy at the moment? So I pitched this and kind of baked out some broad direction for Shakir and Pete. But what is the level of what is the document that you would need, do you want to read and know a version of a road map that paints this out in detail? Do you, do you typically like to consume a deck, or is it going to the PE firms? And, you know, I'm going to do this with Maria, with Maria Johansson, is go and speak to some friendly analysts with a fully formed view of this and say, Listen, you know, this is we've checked, we've looked at your research, we've looked at where we are, we've looked at capabilities. We look at our roadmap, we look at the investments we've currently made, where we think we have a right to play. This is the story that we want to tell. Are you buying that story? Is it the same process with a PE firm, or do we have to be more exact and baked and fully fledged to have those conversations item.

Speaker 1  15:46  
So firstly, I would be interested in reading it, just to kind of digest it and understand where we're going, and kind of try to put myself in the shoes of the PE firms. What what you need to know about PE firms, and this doesn't count for Silver Lake and GIC, obviously, because there are investors, and even though I do look at them as within this broader universe, right, and try to sell into their portfolios and get their help and support. But when we think about like the tomo Bravos and the VISTAs and the tpgs, like, it needs to be a baked out solution that's ready for prime time, for them to care, and for them to, you know, recommend it in their portfolio. That's why, like, there's this big hesitation to go to RCA, is because there's no references for RCA. Yeah, and so, like, you know, you've got system integrators pushing it, but until there's like, their private equity firms are very risk averse, right? I mean, they they're aggressive in terms of their timelines, and need to drive growth. And, you know, they fly close to the sun with margin and all that stuff. But for all those reasons, right? There needs to be like, certainty that the solutions are going to work in scale. And so, you know, we will, we will want to have a pretty close to baked solution before we begin to and then they're going to want to see demos, right? They're not going to be, I think, like, it has to be like a demo that we have, that we can show them that aligns with the story for them to kind of get bought into it, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  17:28  
tell me a little bit about the the

Speaker 2  17:32  
way they look at the competitive landscape, right? So sell, you've mentioned Salesforce. How do they typically view us. I mean, you said you sell out that typically the story is around the billing, the order or quote to cash story. Do you think that there is, you've mentioned the gap, but do you think that there is a right to play, or will it be jarring for you know, P firms that know as well to think about Zora moving into an omni channel now, because one of the real questions is, where do we not play? So where we don't play is Adobe Experience cloud. You know, we're not looking for leads. We really begin to execute what we do at the point the customer lands in any kind of journey that could end up in a seeing something from the catalogue, whether that's driven through a quote or whether that's driven through a self serve experience already, it's just very a basic rule that gets them to a front end that is Sitting on top of the catalogue based on some attributes and saying this, and this is what we think you need. So is there, is there, is there any resistance that I need to be aware of, or is, is it your view that we could play in this space? And P would if we had this fully baked out solution backed up by demos and maybe some live case studies that they would be receptive?

Speaker 1  19:02  
Yeah, I think so. I think so, because of the gap of like so much of, especially in in the world of, you know, sales led B to B enterprise like so much of that over the last decade has has been shoved onto Salesforce, CPQ, some version of either zone billing or homegrown billing in the middle, NetSuite arm or revenue. And then, you know, NetSuite on the back end, broad strokes, generally speaking, like, if you're 100 million to $2 billion company, like, that's, that's, you know, 80 to 90% of sales led companies. That's what your stack looks like. And unfortunately for us, more of that moved away from Zora than towards it during that time.

Unknown Speaker  19:56  
You know that the, I think,

Speaker 1  20:00  
people recognise that we have a very strong, scaled solution, but, but they don't necessarily think of us on the front end. And I think, like, Salesforce sucked the air out of the room as that, like, go to quoting solution. And a lot of companies don't really realise that we have something to bear there, and especially now, because business models are becoming more flexible, right? It's, it's, it's, you know, artificial intelligence is very significant in private equity, you know, consumption models is, is people know that that's kind of where things are headed now. And and having just like a huge sales org that sells in a classic way, is, is being thought of differently, right, like the partner channel, I think is pretty significant in a lot of these PE deals. I mean, even look at Zor right, like we were, we were acquired by private equity, and we continue to double down on our our selling through partner channels, not that that necessarily affects like how we quote and sell deals, but for companies that are more like self service, you know, I think like selling through partner ecosystems, like that's a popular move in private equity too. And so to the extent that we can tell, like an omni channel story of how we can kind of unleash growth for businesses through self service, through partner channels, an alternative to being just stuck in what I call the CPQ conundrum, right? Like, not ready to, kind of in this bastardised customised version of steel brick, right? Like Zora can provide an alternative there. That's, that's the message I'm hoping to introduce to the market, if we can.

Unknown Speaker  21:59  
Okay, okay, which sounds like we're

Speaker 2  22:06  
as a product team, we're moving in that direction the as I said at the beginning, the distance that we have to travel is to build a solution that has a holistic view of all of those capabilities, typically, certainly, my experience is, before I took this over, was that we have a we have a catalogue team, and we have a CPQ team, and in the middle, we have a thing called dependencies, right? So dependencies are just, typically, what do you have to give to me in order to for me to do, the thing I need to do. What we haven't actually looked at is things like, you know, do we have a single orchestration layer? Do we have a single context layer? Do we have a single rules engine that any customer can use? What did you know, regardless, you know, if I want to use a rules engine to do a basic conditional, you know, decision tree, or if I want to do something that's more complex in CPQ, if I then want to orchestrate front end experiences with some kind of conditional rule logic in the middle. What does that all look like? So I think that's the bit that we're that we've lacked, but

Unknown Speaker  23:16  
it definitely sounds like we have a

Speaker 2  23:19  
right to play. From what you've told me in that space, it sounds I've had similar feedback from the analysts the field, the field. So I think the next thing for me to do is I'm going to probably complete it this week, is just to synthesise this into a road map strategy, give it to you and let you kind of run through it and give me feedback. The goal is that we want to demo this omni channel, sko at the beginning of February, and then use kind of two or three months in the field, polishing this up, getting our experiences layered to GA, getting a lot of the functionality that's next generation, CPQ to GA finishing bundling, you know, pre configured and configured bundles, and configurable bundles in the catalogue. And so I feel, my feeling is around, May, we're probably going to be in demo land, where we could do this end to end. But what I'd love to do is, while we're building that out, if you're, you know, if you're a consumer of thickish tomes of product, product positioning, although I'm sure you can run it through an LLM to get this, you know, to get the highlights, I'll send it to you and just see. I'd love to just get your honest opinion on it whether or not that kind of thinking cuts it, and if it doesn't, where it doesn't, yeah,

Speaker 1  24:39  
I'll read it. I'm kind of a nerd about this stuff, so I'm down to read it and provide genuine feedback, and I look forward to it

Speaker 2  24:47  
brilliant, all right. And does that then answer the question that you originally raised. Because what I wanted to do is, rather than just give you a narrow lens on CPQ, I wanted to give place CPQ in context with everything else. So let me if that. If I can give you that and the answers that question, maybe, plus give some some colour either side of that, then I think we'll be in a good place.

Speaker 1  25:10  
Yeah, the CPQ is the linchpin, kind of the hot topic, the burning issue. But like, it naturally expands beyond that too, as part of our value prop, and also, like what companies need to solve. So I think they do go together. CPQ is just kind of, like the lead in and like the lightning rod topic that I think we have an opportunity to and that's where I go back to, like some of that, like competitive positioning around all of this too. I encourage us to think about, I mean, obviously, like we're doing our own thing and it's our vision, but to the extent that we can be maybe Jabby at Salesforce and where they're going, like, I think that's that's out there for us, and I certainly will be, like, leveraging that talk track as I drum up these conversations, you know, heading into q1 next year, this

Speaker 2  25:59  
is super valuable for me, because it's this voice, the analyst voice from Maria the field. You know, I typically start this layer and then go to the architectural layer and then working towards the middle of which is the product, rather than from the product out. So this is, this will be really helpful to me. So I appreciate that good. All right. Well, I'll, obviously, I'll drop you something before Christmas. I don't expect to read it, but I'll touch base with you back again and in the new year, if that's all right, absolutely.

Speaker 1  26:30  
Jonathan, thanks for taking the time and seeing what comes to fruition here and being helpful if I can.

Speaker 2  26:37  
Yeah, super helpful. Thanks very much, Mike. All right, see you guys.

Speaker 3  26:41  
Got another call. I really want to play with you, Baba, Tikki to 10 seconds.

Speaker 3  27:09  
I've got a poo. Wow. So

Unknown Speaker  27:21  
high. This is like an extension for the girls. Wait, take both my feet. No,

Unknown Speaker  27:31  
no, no, no, no. Can you adjust my glasses?

Unknown Speaker  27:40  
Please? Five, six, I really got to get in a call.

Unknown Speaker  28:00  
Guys poop? Where's the toilet

Unknown Speaker  28:02  
paper? Right in front of you?

Unknown Speaker  28:21  
No, I No, i.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
