Speaker 1  0:01  
And, and I think we have some areas that may need to be optimised. So, for example, you know, you know, error talks about, you know, price, package, promote, you know, merchandising, etc. And then you know, there is, you know, CPQ richness that we are talking about. And then there is, you know, some core catalogue capabilities, like configurable bundles, etc. I believe a story needs to be built as to what is, what are the top 10 things that, if we did it, you know, as a product company that we build, that we believe our B to B, SAS players complex, SaaS will give us the gold medal, right? I the reason why I'm saying that is, I, we are, we've, I mean, we're shooting on all fronts at the moment, right? We're almost like, you know, I'm using, you know, American football and analogy, right? The quarterback has six receivers that he is like, let loose, okay, yeah. And all of them are running like crazy, trying to find a route so that the ball can hit them, right? But the ball is only coming to one of them. Okay, so right now we are taking a shotgun approach. And I'm not saying that that we don't know what we're doing that not at all, but I still strongly believe that we as a unified leadership level. If you were to ask Ken, does he know what we are doing, for example, okay, if you ask me, Do I know what Ken is doing? Or rather, you know his counterpart, Aravind, or whoever, right? I know bits and pieces, but I don't know everything. Now that the goal of this P and T sessions is to bridge that gap, right? But I feel that the continuity is in some cases missing. So when I start the year, did I start with 10 things? If I you know, if I said I'm taking these, the big bets that we're talking about are good, big bets, right? Like, let's say AR, cash applications, CPQ, you know, so on and so forth, right? Okay, that's, that's at a very, you know, let's say 100,000 feet level. But then where it gets probably lost is the connected experience that we should be focused on. So we know that we are going to hit the mark. Because right now, you know, I don't believe right, we spend enough time product so in my opinion, this is where, you know, obviously, you know, I'll take feedback for my own team also, but I'm saying the product teams can play a significant role by collaborating so much, so much that that that, like you know, the left hand knows what the right hand is doing, right and then you form the chain immediately.

Speaker 2  3:14  
So I, I agree with you. I don't think that's at the product team level, though, because that, in my view, that becomes the problem of dependencies and overlapping priorities. It's just a human process problem. I think the success of that will come in in Ken and I synthesising up this single, unified story, understanding the intersection between all of those stories and working to that, I think the capabilities that you talk about, and the big bets are the thing that Stephen Boone is talking about, which is, give me the things that help me solve problems for our complex B to B customers, right? So they're, to some degree, they are independently needed, right? There are dependencies, which we take care of in JIRAs, but they're, they're things that need, you know, CPQ needs to have better, I don't know, understanding of previous deals done or time to deal or, you know, there's an analytics component that needs to be there that's missing, whatever that is that makes CPQ better, or there's some basic fundamentals that CPQ next gen is missing that has to have, maybe next, You know, vibe quoting is the blue sky that, just as teen says in his notes, just shocks the market, just makes it go viral. Errol, needs to get bundling done, right? That's kind of hard, soft buttons. We've been promising that for a decade, apparently, and it just needs to get delivered. So that, to me, feels like the shopping list, and that you can probably draw straight lines between those things and the 12 big bets, because the 12 big bets are synthesised from what Silver Lake want. So I think that's what the insulation of the product roadmap is. So there's, there's a there's a function there between Ken and I to make sure, just at a functional level, that joins up. Then there's the other story, which is the intersection, and no one owns the intersection right now, and both can run in parallel. You don't sacrifice one for the other, because Boone won't accept sacrificing the main story for the vision. But anyone that you know the field wants a bit of vision so it can build pipe for the main story. So I think that's, I'm not sure that's well formed thought, but it's kind of how I'm interpreting what you're saying.

Speaker 1  6:00  
Yeah, I think what we also need Jonathan, perhaps, is a quarterly session that's not Pete off site, where you can me and and perhaps Christine and Aravind, right? And maybe I don't know who else we would need from an intersection. I know we don't want to use the word intersection, but it's about aligning on these, you know, whiz bang, things that we believe is going to make a difference. And I believe that one level down, discussion could play a big could go a long way.

Unknown Speaker  6:43  
I agree. I agree. And

Speaker 2  6:46  
I think that's where you kind of say as you say as the delivery partner. You go, listen that you need this you need this context in here. Yeah, I listen. It doesn't seem so. When you've got good partnerships, it doesn't seem difficult. So I think we're aligned. I'm doing more due diligence. I need to get Darren Johnson on board and Emmy and and basically it's an it's a happy cake, and eat it. Strategy, right? Play to the orchestra, which is Silver Lake, but also play to the platform, which is what Pete wants, and here's the strategy to do that.

Unknown Speaker  7:26  
Yeah, cool, right?

Speaker 2  7:30  
So on experiences. Just to back to my original mantra is, I want to be involved, but I'm not. I actually have higher confidence in in in high confidence in Jimmy, where I want to get involved is, what are the out of the box components that we're going to deliver, and what does that do to delivery timelines? Right? That comes after you've signed off, the questions that you have. So do you feel, I feel that's the right way to do it, and if you have any different different views,

Speaker 1  8:10  
no, I think for experiences, we I think we need to align on, you know that our at least immediate lens is going to be the Toyota financials, right? And then we will apply the broader lens for my accounts immediately following that, as long as those, those two sentences are true, yeah, I'm going to operate and you know where Jimmy had a slight? You know dissatisfaction yesterday is like, you know, where he felt that I, you know, I'm changing the priority, but I'm not really changing the priority. I'm saying, Okay, if you guys want this, I'm I need a lens that is a little bit more delivery focus, which will make, you know, January happen while you know, the broader thing comes together. Yeah, so we need to, because we, when we left the meeting yesterday, we said we are going to do do due diligence and and we have done the first part of the due diligence, which today with Jimmy and the GS team folks joined Derek minik and others, and I told Derek to please include Alex in all the calls when they are solutioning, along with Jimmy, so he hears it firsthand. So that's my, you know, if anything in the short term, if we can put that in, you know, in an aligned roadmap, saying, okay, yes, everyone is, you know, the first goal is to make sure we successfully execute this contract without geoproducing Too much of the architecture, right? I mean, we may have to make some shortcuts, but, you know, hopefully that won't put us into a corner that we couldn't get out of.

Speaker 2  9:58  
But experience is going to be experience is going to be good. There's a lot of appetite for it. I don't know if the SKU has been created for it yet, or even how we build for it, but I'll pick that up. Good man, yep. All right, and

Unknown Speaker  10:13  
I call you said to me, you're moving to New York. Is that true?

Speaker 1  10:18  
Oh, yes. I am. So we are. So my daughter is exploring colleges, and we are, anyway, thinking about moving to the north. Yeah. So over the next couple of months, all of this is going to unfold. We have some family in the Jersey, New Jersey area, which kind of is like a 45 minute train right from New York City.

Speaker 2  10:46  
I was in New Jersey the other day at Forbes.

Speaker 1  10:51  
Oh, cool, yeah. So we're exploring some some of those areas. So we're hoping my daughter's looking at a couple of schools in the in that region as well. But all of that will be somewhat unfolding, you know, January, February, March, timeframe. But in parallel, I'm, I'm also exploring areas that I could go, you know, that we could go basically and and call that, you know, our home. And.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
