Speaker 1  0:00  
Aligned on on it, and you know what's what's coming. And you have, you know, skin in the game on whether or not you agree or disagree with the strategies. So can I, can I run through it with you?

Unknown Speaker  0:16  
Think you're on mute?

Speaker 2  0:20  
Oh, sorry, absolutely I would appreciate that. I'm trying to get the monitor working so I can look at the larger screen. No, that's okay. That's okay.

Speaker 1  0:28  
So one of the other people I spent a lot of time with this nav, okay, so what I'm looking at is as a as a kind of first principles, what does the no am business want? Right? What the No am business wants is the problem solved for complex B to B. That is what. I'm sorry, that's right. That is what. That is what Silver Lake one, that is what the rest of the org, the kind of the strategic focus is, right? But we also know that in EMEA, there's a lot of B to B, plg and B to C as and there's a lot of B to any in in a pack, right? So there's some disjoint between the sales objectives, but, but the master objective is B to B complex sauce. Now, in my world, that is delivered through our existing product roadmap, right? We have, whether it's CPQ next gen or it becomes or there's a vibe quoting, think of that Doc. Super interesting, by the way, thanks for sharing. You know, hard bundles, soft bundles, merchandising rules, all of this kind of stuff. The core experience for my account, how it joins up to payments, all that kind of so that's the product roadmaps, which are driven by experienced product leaders need to be insulated in order to deliver that roadmap. Insulation, to me, means there have to be some ground rules around things like, you know, Toyota Financial Services coming and saying, Hey, we want this. And if you don't give us this, the deal is not going to get done. And with this 300k on the line, we're never going line, we're never going to get rid of that. But we have to insulate to some degree. But the direction of travel is, let the product leaders build unencumbered and in the best partnerships with the engineering team. So the the product that is, is in the JIRAs, right? That's, that's the corporate that's a core principle. But around the if you think about the org as a series of, you know, vent Well, it's a Venn diagram, basically, you know, experiences intersects with catalogue, and catalogue intersects with CPQ, and CPQ intersects with experiences, and experiences intersects with with orchestration and and so you can build this quite complex view of the organisation, which is a collection of the product roadmaps, but the intersections. And I think the big problem with Zora has been that no one has ever focused on the intersection right and the intersection is the story, and it is the platform story that that, you know, Pete has been talking about. So the intersection currently lives in a couple of places. It's either things like interlock meetings, or it is dependencies. You know, one team creates a dependency on the other team, but it's abstracted away from the reason for the for the dependency, but it's just a dependency, dependency. Again, we're not going to completely get away from that, but that's typically how things have worked. So I think about the business as actually, the problem statement is in the intersection, and the intersection is how the customer sees us. You know, can I go from a self serve all the way through to us? What's that? Sorry, just one second. You want the iPad. Can we go from a self serve all the way through to sales assisted, right? And you can, you can tell a story to support that. You know, the customer take, the customer goes from $50 million B to B PL, I'm not sure I believe in plg and SLG, because it's really just what the customer wants to do at any given point in time. But, you know, they start off, they don't need much. They go through some kind of context, orchestration. They get to a, you know, a plan. They buy that plan. They trial it, then they buy it. Then maybe they need a little bit of service agent, or sell, or sales, you know, a rep, bit of light CPQ, but they don't need much. And then it gets a bit more complex, and so on and so so on. And you get all the way from, you know, in the kind of perfect world, the company goes from 50 million to a couple of billion, and they've gone through a life cycle with Zora, without having to start with stripe and then rip out stripe, and then, and then, and then put us in. So the intersection is that story. The intersection is how the customer sees us. And so what, what I've been talking to NAV about is, how do you architect the intersection, right? Not engineer it, but architect it. What are the patterns that we need to think about? What are the services that we have or would need to build? What is the lift that comes with all of that? And so I kind of, you know, just to be visual about it, think about it like in a burger bun at the top, you've got the story. The story has to capture, you know, elements of the the product roadmap, but it's primarily the intersection, and the intersection has to be the thing that the sales team or everywhere want to sell. You know, it's the slider from 50 million, up to a billion. I can sell anywhere along that spectrum. I can, I can upsell. I can cross sell. I can down, you know, I can, I can, you know, if the customer wants to go SLG, to have less sales team, he can also go plg, at the bottom is the architectural principles, you know, what is the pattern that we need to build in order to enable that story. And then in the middle is the product, right? The product is lettuce, tomato, burger, bun, mayonnaise, I don't care. You can pick and mix the product. And you know, at the moment, we've got those pieces all over the place. You know, the stories over there, the architecture is over here, the lettuce is over there. You know, you we've already got all of these things, but the intersection is, what brings that bun together. Interestingly, Steve Boone's view is, start at the middle, right? I need the middle bit give me the capabilities that help me sell complex deals. So that's where the insulated product roadmap is, but on the edges is the, as I said, the intersection and the story and the ability to sell anywhere along the spectrum. For example, vibe quoting feels like a really good thing to give to someone who's not ready to buy CPQ full, right? Maybe they just want something to play around with. Maybe it's just a self managed thing that they use. But beyond getting into that, well, rather than getting into the product, I'm going to pause there and just and obviously, there's a lot of stuff that needs to be filled in around that, but just get your initial view on that.

Speaker 2  7:44  
Yeah, thank you. By the way, this is, you know, very, in my opinion, a very, you know, good way to describe the world with a lot of clarity. That's because when you're speaking, I'm like, you know, I'm sensing a lot of clarity, right, that we lack today, about about all these richness that we have. So the first thing that resonates with me is just that, right? And I think you're hitting on a couple of different key elements, which is, you know, how do we, you know, how do we power, you know, experiences, really. And I use the word experiences here, not in the in the experiences that we that we've been talking about using plasma, but I'm just talking about, you know, business experiences, right? The more powerful and elegant we can make the business experience customers would naturally fall in love with us. I've always had an eye for, you know, simplicity, right? Because over time, Zora has gotten the reputation of a complex product. It has become so complex they are not the cloud. You know, once considered the cloud, you know, heart throb of subscription businesses, etc. You know, somehow we need to, you know, kind of like re image Zora with a brand new, you know, impression. And I believe that can only happen with the proof is in the pudding, with better than you know anyone else, business experiences, elegant business experiences, you know, so and I and that can only happen if we think with that as our leading perspective. Today, if you think about it, I'll give you a very simple example, trade web and Twilio are two examples. They both came in. We don't know when the discussions started, perhaps a year ago. You know, some people were involved, some people were not involved, et cetera. And we delivered, or rather, we signed up to deliver, you know, a set of capabilities or albeit it can be used by other customers. That's okay, but we never put what kind of business experience are we going to enable, you know, for these customers? And what happened was, yes, in some areas, we met their goals, but in other areas, like CPQ as an example, we completely missed their expectation, and now we're scrambling at the last minute to go cat play catch up, which you know what happens when you play catch up? You know we are rushing through design, we're rushing through decisions. We're rushing through UI because some commitment was made without thinking about a, you know, the top of the world business experience. So I think if we can focus, I think I everything that you said is, is really what would be needed to make that happen is even, even if a customer comes in, we have to sign a deal. We have to internally, you know, put a, you know, a great experiences hat on to say, How am I? You know, it's not, it's not that the billing team needs, you know, would be successful by delivering a silo of the functionality. It's how can Zora be successful? Right? Somehow, I believe the strategy needs to enable the, you know, the thing that I'm describing here,

Speaker 1  11:59  
I agree. I think that. I think the reality is, though, because I agree in all of that, and I said the same thing to Manfred Nero, part of my job is to insulate and protect the roadmap. But it's naive to think that that will never be impacted. But a good story, a good strategic story, in the way that I think you kind of recognise is needed. If it becomes the sacrificial lamb, then everyone's grown up enough to know that's just the game, right? We're never going to get away from completely insulating everything. So, for example, if someone comes and says, Hey, you know we're going to, you have to stop everything, because we're going to do a $25 million deal with Twilio. That's still going to be the name of the game. I think, I think that will happen. I'd like to think that there's enough of a story about the future, but I doubt the reality is that it will actually change much, but a good story means and a good strategy means that you can use the impact of that change in direction to quantify the delivery of the story. So I'd be quite happy if they come and say, Hey, we've got to do this. We're going to do a 25 million deal with Twilio. Just step out of the way, because we're going to get this done. We're going to blow your road map up. And then you go, okay, that's fine. Just be aware that the whole platform story, whatever we're telling that's not going to get delivered for another six months. So I don't I kind of, I never mind that if the business makes a decision, it's revenue now versus revenue later, that's always going to be the Achilles heel of all companies. Maybe it's not for strike. Maybe they're so secure that they don't have to do that. I was speaking to someone the other day. We're talking about nui nui.io the and they were saying, the one thing they really do extremely well is turn down customers because they don't want their roadmap shaped by short term revenue. But you gotta be really, really confident to do that. So I agree with you 100% I think you have to also just call out the reality. But I don't think that changes the strategy. Because I think the thing that's missing in Zora, which you're kind of, I think validating is that, and I call it the intersection, which is the story, which is the platform, which is the customer, right? That's where, that's where it all is, right? And trying to move this into the product marketing teams, and have Amy De Lima join that story together, or Natalie joined that story together, that's the wrong place to join the story. The story has to be in our you know, the commerce org. And I think Ken buys this. But the other thing is, is that the customer of that story is also the product leaders, but they're also the stakeholders in that story. So there's a very kind of nuanced relationship that has to go on there that is, again, is all at the intersection and how you manage that. But in principle, I agree with you insulate, but I also think it's inevitable that someone's going to come along and blow that up at some point, but at least you'll know what the impact is.

Unknown Speaker  15:21  
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I agree. I mean, I think,

Unknown Speaker  15:26  
I think they're hitting the right chords. So, yeah, so

Speaker 1  15:29  
from an engineering point of view, so what I was, I guess this is really permission that I'm asking for, is I've spent a lot of time with NAV, right, and he knows where the bodies are buried. He's also a little bit of a an arrow whisperer, you know, they have a great relationship. So I, you know, he, he is definitely buying what I'm selling. He's also, you know, his job description is pretty much that that's what Pete's asked him to do. The other thing is, he said that he's always failed to do it with the product leaders. So he's quite I like nav because he's quite transparent. He's a strong view, but he's not unmovable, but he's also transparent. And he said, You know, I tried to do it and I failed. Because I just couldn't coordinate the product teams, which I can understand why. And so my bet was, in that burger analogy, that at the top is the story, and that then underneath is the architecture, and I need a kind of architectural ally, and then the customer of all of that. Because, again, I think about, I think about the internal org as a customer. I think in many ways, you're the customer of that story on the commerce side, right? Can I, when I come with the story, what am I? What does that mean for the architecture, so things like BCS, for example, or zems, or rules engine or whatever. And so what I'm kind of envisaging is I come to you and I say, Listen. So here's the story. I think I've got everyone lined up right the way through the organisation. And this is what nav is thinking. That story looks like architecturally. And then, then it's like, you go, No, that's, that's, doesn't make any sense. Or, why are we doing it? Like, you know, just the stuff that you and I like to do is just like, tussle it out and work out what all of the intricacies are. And, oh, we don't have the headcount for that. It's going to take you five years to do that. Or, why are you doing that when we could do this? Does that feel like the right approach? Or because, I guess I'm saying, do you come in earlier, or do I kind of shape nav into an opinion and then come and present it to you and get you to, you know, chainsaw through that and say, Okay, what are we talking about here? What's the best pattern for you and I,

Unknown Speaker  18:03  
yeah, that's a great question, because,

Speaker 2  18:09  
you know, we certainly need so here's how I view this. So if you think about how, you know, you're going to be thinking across, you know, commerce as a, you know, as a strategy, for example, right there are. So you've got, so let's just, you know, let's, let's kind of go deep, and then we'll come back up, right? So the current way of Operation seems to be, you've got a billing product manager that they all roll up to at the moment, looning, and then, you know looning Row is rolling up to Shakir. Looks like right. Sorry, Ken, Ken, right. So if you and Ken have a vision, let's say right, you are aligned. You know you're saying, okay, you know what I mean. The reason why I'm going down deeper is so there is this concept of a contract object. Okay, contract is something that we all know we need, because customers want it, and we know we want it, and the approach of how to achieve it is where I felt that there was a lot of like, you know, disconnect, if like, in today's world, nav did a lot of work, and then ultimately, you know, it becomes a problem, because, you know, some of the other leaders, like looning and others, were not right. Yeah, I would say that the idea should be somewhere in the vicinity of, you know, nav should be like abstracting concepts and say, okay, you know what? I am going to go down this path, for example, right? And the thing that he's saying he failed is there are many reasons. Is, previously, there was a lot of organisational, you know, misalignment, so therefore he couldn't do what he wanted to do, right? But if he has an ally like you and me, and then he needs an ally like you and me, influence move, you and can influence move, then we can, we can make sure right, we're all moving in the right direction.

Unknown Speaker  20:45  
Agreed? The thing that I would like to avoid is,

Speaker 2  20:51  
is vetting out everything and then coming down and then saying, This is what we're doing, because that's where I believe it fails, and that's where the pattern I'm I've sensed that, man, you guys have spent a lot of time, you know, you guys, in the sense, when I say you guys, so now have an error, right? They probably spent a lot of time with what's called, you know, this merchandising stuff and, you know, call, you know, just name, everything that there's put in a lot of effort, right? So there's no doubt about effort and thinking, but what I felt perhaps needs to be done also is pressure testing with, you know, reality and bringing a delivery leader like me very quickly. Can, you know, add that perspective.

Speaker 1  21:38  
That's exactly my point. And when you do that, and how, and what's the forum to do that? See, what we typically like to do is we like to create things like interlocks and these just, they're the worst me, I cancelled all the interlocks for my for my org, because I just, they're the worst things, because it just becomes a non meeting. There's no actions out of it. It's just, I don't know even I don't even know how to describe it, because there's a there's a nuance, isn't there? There's at what point is enough? You know, it's enough. Now let's go to the delivery partner and and we, we're coming here. We're not selling anything. We're pitching to a customer, right? He's our customer. It's like I said to Boon today, you're my customer, right? If you're not buying what I'm selling, I can build it all day long, but it's just you're not buying it. So that's it. So we have to listen like that. So we have a lot we have internal customers. The product team, are an internal customer. The other thing is, is knowing when to say, Listen, I hear it. You know, we're now making a decision, right? So this is like the presidency is, ultimately, there's one decision maker, and I'm not that decision maker ultimately be probably Shakir or Pete, but I think I feel like we've got, what I feel like we've got is this really good group of really smart people who have perspective. That's what I'm finding. I mean, Errol's opinionated, but he when you really challenge him, he has perspective. Manfred has perspective. Nav has perspective. You do, I do and I think that's the thing that that we can achieve. We I think we can do this now, whether Silver Lake gives a shit, I don't know. I mean, it could be that silver lakes, just listen, just get us to 3x we're doing Todd's the you know, could be that doesn't matter about vibe quoting, right? It could be that Todd's the main guy in this business. He's the financial engineer. Okay, who's the guy pulling, you know, how do we get 4% more net margin? How do we get eight, you know, 1.7% more revenue growth? Because that's the trajectory we need to sell this business. I suspect the thing they're not looking at is what's going to be the state of the market three years from now, and is 3x possibly five or 10x if you do the plot, if you do this platform thing, really well, right? Especially in this kind of data landscape, where, I think is, if you go further upstream with the customer, and you know, to the behavioural data in CPQ or packaging and pricing driven by seat usage, or whatever that is, that the data is actually the wrapper to the to the intersection, which is the top of the bun, which is the story, right? So it all connects together. So, yeah, okay, but I yeah, I think we have, I think that the story is, you're the customer to the story, and if you're buying it, are you going to buy it vanilla, or are you going to buy it with a, you know, bit of, bit of few other flavours in there, but if you're buying it, that's the win. And if there's a few other flavours, then we just have to knock that around and make it work, right? But at least, you know, it's battle tested.

Speaker 3  25:10  
Yeah, yeah, cool. All right, are you? Are you?

Unknown Speaker  25:18  
You're at the you're not at Zach? Are you?

Speaker 2  25:21  
No, I'm not which, no, I'm not at the Zag, but I am planning to attend the London User Group on Tuesday of December, December,

Unknown Speaker  25:39  
oh, 10, yeah, yeah, I'm doing that one.

Speaker 2  25:43  
Oh, no, wait a minute, that's not 10th, is it? I haven't asked ninth.

Speaker 1  25:46  
Oh, ninth, yeah, my ninth or 10th? Yeah, yeah, I'm doing that one. So I'm doing it with besma and some other someone, someone else, right? She don't know,

Unknown Speaker  25:56  
and where is, where is zag, right? Now it's

Speaker 1  25:59  
gonna be San Francisco. I think it's on the second. It's really weird, someone booked second and the third so that none of the product leadership are at zag. Well, in fact, Manfred and Errol are going to zag, so they're not going to hear I mean, this is why I'm trying to get them on board. Now they're not going to hear me pitch this story.

Speaker 2  26:22  
Oh, I see so beats off site is overlapping with the Zag.

Unknown Speaker  26:26  
Yeah, yeah. It makes no sense at all.

Speaker 2  26:29  
Oh, okay, no, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  26:32  
Steve Boone's not happy about that. That's above my pay grade. Okay, yeah. Yeah. So listen, as you and I both know there's a there's a long distance between lip and cup, right? So there's a lot, there's a lot to fill in here. But I must be, I must be honest, I don't think I've found anyone that's not doesn't think it's the right direction of travel. So I'm glad you kind of you bring it, that you bring that delivery partner element to it, which I think is so important to the story. So that's, I'm going to be including that, trying to paint the organisation in a different in a different way. But I think the most important thing is, is leaves the product teams to deliver their roadmaps. You know, that is the that is the Inside Out story, but then the outside in story is different.

Unknown Speaker  27:31  
Cool. All right,

Speaker 1  27:34  
yeah, what do you think our just going away from the story for a while? What is the most efficient way for us? I mean, we obviously talk a lot, we work quite well together. I think what's.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
