Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Hey, everyone.

Unknown Speaker  0:22  
I was muted, you will not help.

Speaker 1  0:24  
That's all right. How are you? I'm good, man. Thanks for doing the follow up.

Speaker 2  0:30  
No problem. So you're What are you handling to us? I'm here now.

Unknown Speaker  0:36  
Are you? Yeah, yeah. I'm in Redwood City now.

Unknown Speaker  0:41  
Okay, you're right. I guess

Unknown Speaker  0:44  
it's a bit early for you.

Unknown Speaker  0:46  
Yeah, I when I come here, I wake up at three.

Speaker 2  0:49  
That's it. It's like, you know, it would be better at the end of the week, but you go back,

Speaker 1  0:54  
yeah, exactly just as you start to get here. But I like it, because I get up, go to gym, start the day. I love that. If I could wake up at three in the morning every week without falling over at the end of two weeks.

Unknown Speaker  1:09  
Anyway, people have nine or in bed almost Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:12  
It's like, yeah. It's like, no one bothers you. But three till three till nine, it's like a whole day no one bothers you. So what, what I wanted to do is just come back to the story. What kind of what is, what is clear is that the no am voice is really strong, right? The B to B complex SARS dictates and drives a lot of how people think and talk about the business,

Speaker 2  1:45  
correct, right? And because the BG one, which is the SaaS, is by design, done for us, correct, yeah, exactly. So we because for you to know you don't have probably the full history, but when we are the BG one, we said from the beginning that the SaaS market in Europe is not as strong as us. That's one and second you go to Europe where we have a lot of SaaS companies, nothing compared to us, but it's a UK, right? B bit of France and Germany, kind of the same level. And then you have all the patchwork of knowledge. You have limited SaaS software team system is the largest one in Italy. It's our customer. But the SaaS market is not big in Italy. It's not big in Spain and so forth, right? So, net, net, the SaaS and the BG one is at 80% done for Noam. So when you say no, I mean, is very strong in BG one, I would say, Yeah, by design,

Speaker 1  2:46  
yeah, I agree with you. The challenge is when you when I connect that back and I take BG two right, and which is a slightly wider net, right, Bg two can capture B to C and B to B, plg and all this. But when I, when I look at, when I speak to the product, or can I speak to engineering, to the architectural teams, to the other product leaders, to Ken, B to B, self serve and B to C never come up in the conversation, right? So, so what happens is, the product is built by design through the lens of the B to B complex SaaS market, because that's the big gorilla in the room. Yeah, the bit that I'm working on is the bit that I pitched to you, which is, we can build a self serve motion that as a product team, where the intersection is a different is the mod is a new product model, right? It's a new product roadmap. All of the stuff is going on at the moment, by the way, when I you know, we've got duplication of of engineering effort that's taking place in different parts of the business that could be consolidated to focus on what we want to give a self serve experience, for example, the lift to give CPQ light, right? Like an abstracted version of the our complex CPQ is achievable, but no one focuses on it. And the reason no one focuses on it is because be to speed, to be self serve, is not a high priority in anyone's mind, right? It's kind of well, and it could, it could be important in the US, which is part of how to tell the story, right? So what I want to understand is, when we go to market, how are you adapting to this road map, which is very B to B complex, SaaS driven. Does it? Do you have to kind of work around it all the time and say, Okay, well, we're gonna, you know, we can't. We actually not gonna win in in B to B self serve against stripe. We just don't go after that. We need to find this really narrow sweet spot. I'm just trying to get a sense of how you work around a business that's not actually designed to serve 60% of your market.

Speaker 2  5:20  
Okay, so it's very interesting. So, so the point is, the following, the way we design it in Europe, by the way, there is something new at Zuora, for me, is every AOC that we're asking for EMEA business is kind of rejected. That's new, right? In the past, it was probably balanced, because, you know, the reality is the following, but that will give you the perception of the reality. So the reality is, we are in a US company, and 99% of the US, the global leaders, they understand just us. So they are not, in fact, global leaders. They are US leaders into a global role. This is very different, okay, the the only exception we had in the past was Robbie troby was British, and he was living in Europe, so he was exposed to Europe. So we understand that, but maybe Shakir is kind of exposed to Europe a bit more, but Ken house man is a pure product of us, right? He knows us. He breaths us. He deal with us. He thinks us first. Okay, okay, so you know, again, we can make it better, but this is something which is part of the DNA. If tomorrow I have a global role and I have to run us. I cannot find the knowledge of someone sitting in US compared to mine. And you do the opposite. That's what we have right in region. They don't really fight back for no one is they fight back effectively for no one, because this is the only market they know. But this is not only market they should know, because they are not us. They're global. I mean, it's my ongoing fight for the past 30 years is I say, Guys, if you are just leading us, you should not be leading the team globally, because us is not the world, even if Americans believe us is the world. But it will be too complex conversation anyway. So the way we do that is very simple. If this, if we don't have a B, A B to B complex, so basically, on the B to C, if we don't have a very complex case, we lose, because we have been losing all the time. So B to C, high volume with that complexity is not a sweet spot for us. So I tend to believe we should not go right or wrong. Okay, that's one thing. Second is B to B. Complex is our sweet spot, right? No complexity. If stripe can make the offer, I have 90% of chance to lose because stripe will make a bundle, which is new, by the way, for you to know Jonathan is now. Stripe is saying, Okay, if you give me the payment, right the PSP, I will make you an amazing offer on the billing side. So if that, we've just lost a deal in France against that kind of approach. They globalised billing and PSP, they were not doing that like three months ago. Is it an exception? Is it? Is it a new trend? I don't know. So the second factor that you need to keep in mind is the size of us. Us is not that big compared to Europe anymore. I give you a sense this quarter q4 the biggest quarter of the year. I am trying to do 5 million Okay, and by the way, I like very much what the team in US is doing. It's not the point. It's just to come back to reality, not to we are deliver 5 million, and Boone is trying to deliver 9 million. That's all it is. So when US is massive, I say not really is, is less than twice of the European business. Now, the thing is, we are not fighting with the same weapons. Is they have all the focus, and we have limited focus. They have all the AOC development. We struggle to get one. So at the end, if you, if you feel like a market which is by design, bigger customer base, bigger in terms of workforce, biggest on product development, and you expect EMEA to grow with what is left is difficult, right? So to your point, we select the fight because we a better way we perform well, which is one thing as well. Can we perform better? Of course, yes, because I give you, we have a few AOCs with here technologies, for example, or with canal plus, where it was rejected. What was the AOC? What was it? Sorry, the AOC is a product development.

Speaker 1  9:55  
I know what it is. I just want to is someone who can tell me what the AOC, the actual AOCs?

Speaker 2  10:00  
Oh, yeah, on Canal Bruce is I can get, is an AOC about the payment I can give you, the details is on top of that, he went around the product and and he came down to shaker, who said, Yeah, but you know, we, yeah, okay, we're not gonna do that for Canada, plus, because it's between brackets, just a 200k deal. Yeah, if you compare by size, we always lose because when we send 200k deal in Europe, US is probably signing 600k or seven. So if you fight back against the size of the deal, we are dead, right?

Speaker 1  10:37  
There's a counter to that, and I just had to change our experiences roadmap for 300k deal for Toyota. So it's also about the size, you know, it's the it's sometimes not the size of the deal. It's just how priority the customer is as well. So that, okay, carry on, because I'm really interested in that five versus nine. I think that's a really interesting number,

Speaker 2  11:00  
interesting fight, because, you know, and that's today's war eyes. Like, I don't know the exact number, probably 1000 customers ish, so we never know the final sometimes we say 1100 sometimes we say 1200 sometimes we say 1000 let's say 1000 among the 1000, we have 260, so the size of the customer base of Europe is like one force, okay, let's say 1000 US has half of the customer base, and the other one force is probably APG and Japan, right? So, so they have to be honest. I keep saying the same when you look at the size of the people, the size of the team, the size of the customer base, the size of the focus us should perform three times, four times in

Speaker 1  11:43  
and in fact, I'm speaking to mark gagne tonight. He, he, he's also, he also has the problem that I'm explaining to you, which is, you know, his business is B to any and he doesn't have the kind of focus and support. So he's pushing really hard on a lot of the stuff that you were talking about. So I guess you could say then that you take, can I just ask on upsell five to do we? Do we upsell the same portion of revenue as Noam does? Or are we new business?

Speaker 2  12:19  
I mean, I think this year, we have 65% of our upsells coming from instal base upsell, and 35 is coming from new business. I don't have the exact number for Noam, but I think no one is probably similar, because we a lot of upsell. So I think the ratio between new business and upsell is probably very much the same. My point is really about the total ACV you generate. And there's another thing that you know we have to remember as well, is when we have a churn problem in EMEA execution made for the zone, the zone was a very bad exception. We operate better the customers. We are not surprised by a lot of churn like we have. So we control between brackets better the future of the customer. We engage better with our customers, and I think we do a better job. We have the communities, we have the user groups, we have the all of that is creating proximity, and you lose business as well, but you are not caught by surprise. So the point is the following, if we expect, I said that to DJ, for you to know, I said, if you expect us to carry on delivering twice the business of EMEA, of sorry, of Noam, we need a game changer. You cannot tell us you need to grow the same percentage and give all the all the focus. You know, it doesn't work, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:43  
so that's why we're having the conversation. Because I, it seems to me that the unlock has to be, I mean, B to C, when you think about we over index on plg and SLG, right? It's self serve and self serve and sales assisted. And you're on that spectrum, is what we discussed the other day. Yeah. So B to C, I feel like we, when we talk about B to C, people get nervous because they, they someone says retail or E commerce, and everyone goes, Oh, no, we're not B to C. No, no, no. But it's, it's, you know, it's B to C. Very verticalized. Stellantis is a really good example, right? But if you get rid of the B to C label, that's just self serve for a particular use case, right? Gonna be anybody? That could be anybody, right? So, so self serve, so, and then B to B, plg is just two things. What I'm first of all, I was looking at the billing implementations, and I spoke to clarissis, and I said, Listen, what would you need to do an implementation in four weeks? Right? Because we know we've got this big motion on AI to reduce our deployment time, but the lens for that is complex B to B SaaS, right? So take all of that complexity and remove nine months down to four months. I mean, I think it's an almost impossible task. I know that head of the data science team that's running that, and he's like, fuck me. This is just like a just a giant right? But, but when I said to to when I said to Clarice, what would it take? They said, Just give me a reference implementation, right? If I want to do a light billing implementation, so called Light billing,

Unknown Speaker  15:29  
just give me a framework. Just give me a reference framework.

Speaker 1  15:31  
You know, just give me a like, that's what I can deploy. They said, if we'd have had a reference implementation, reference architecture for immediate we'd have given them 80% of what they wanted out of the box and then just worked on The Balancing 20% but we had to go completely Greenfield on everything. So the unlock of oh, we have to have billing light is actually misdirection. You don't need billing light. You just need reference architectures, right? That's for it. So they reckon that they could get some of their customers in the self serve space up and running within four weeks, four to five weeks, right, with a reference architecture. So that's number one. Number two, when I spoke to NAV last night, who's the chief architect here? No, no, yeah. So super guy. He knows where all the bodies are buried. He's been trying to do this forever. But you know, you someone has to own this story. He's we were talking about the idea of CPQ light. Now, typically, when you think about CPQ light, the CPQ team go, you know, we've got CPQ X, we've got next gen CPQ, we've got vibe quoting. We don't have any room, room in there, in the roadmap, but CPQ light is unlocked by our experiences product which sits on top of CPQ and just consumes the bits of CPQ that the customer wants. So I also went to Clarissa said, Listen, if I gave you a configurable CPQ, you put it together, or the customer puts it together, or we create an out of the box template. We make it modular exactly, but it's just like you just put a layer on top of it. You don't have to. So they said, Yeah, it's a big unlock. So so there's more of these things that we can do that are being done in this kind of scattered way that we can consolidate. So my, my question to you is, and I don't know what the timeline is, but it's not two years, and it's not a year. It's like, you know, six months. You could kind of get to this vendor for life story, if I came to you and said, Listen, here's reference architecture, here's all of the value of experiences, self serve, all that kind of stuff. Here's the CPQ light product. And then here's a, you know, some other stuff as well. It just makes the self serve that kind of 50 million to a two 50 million customer, a viable proposition. Does you said something the other day? So that would unlock 60% of our business. What I'm trying to get a sense of is, is that a major unlock, like, like, is it a big unlock, or is it, yeah, you know, we can do something with that, and we could probably win

Speaker 2  18:06  
a few deals. Okay, the big unlock is not necessarily the CPQ, because, you know, there's one thing that many customers are looking at who are CPQ, because they are struggling with the Salesforce. CPQ, yeah, it's expensive. Doesn't work. A lot of custom development, a lot of promises from Salesforce, and they have fucked up by Salesforce, and they are so tired with Salesforce, they look at Zuora, okay, of course, CPQ alone, of course not. They look at Zora when we do the billing, as you could imagine, right? So that's one second is the big unlock is always the same. The big threat when we engage on, let's say, in the building, because we sell more building than growing you compared to us, right? So the big threat and we engage with the customer on the platform cost, which is sometimes a challenge, is when we come with the army, with GS, right? And GS comes with, I don't know, the platform costs you 200k and if GS costs you 200k you find that sometimes it's 200k for the platform. And GSA, from a deployment perspective, is four or 500k and then your your deal is dead, not because of the platform cost, because of the GS cost, right? And to your point, I've been asking for it forever. Why don't we come with the best practices to the customer, out of the box implementation, instead of telling them what, tell me what you want, Mr. Customer, we say we are the leader in your industry. This is a pre packaged deployment that we do. Here is how it looks like, is what you can do with that. And because it's already pre deployed on our for other customers, then we can do that in, I don't know, five days of customization. If you go like art, then it will be 20 days. Yeah, whatever, right? Because the problem is not the time it takes Jonathan is the time you have to agree to occur with the customer. Most of the delays we have is not linked to the configuration. Part is because we put so much complexity in front of the customer, they don't know what to do. And then you delay two weeks, three weeks. So if you come with a predefined per vertical, doing 80% what the customer should be doing. And we and if they say, No, no, no, it is not suitable, we say, Hold on a minute. Is not only a deployment of the billing solution. You need to rethink your processes. This is the best of breed that we do in your verticals. If you're not doing that, you're not following the best practices, and just raise the question on the customer side to say, okay, the guys saying we should not do that. You make that reflection happening today with us. What we do? We say, tell me what you want. And there is a car. So the you spoke about reference architecture. Agree with that the reference architecture should go with a pre, pre defined deployment recommendation. Yeah, for it for a while as well.

Speaker 1  21:11  
Well, yeah. I mean, the difference is that the person that owns that is now Ken. I can negotiate with Ken, but the bit that I just to play devil's advocate, let's say, I say that, and they go, Well, why do you need the vendor for life story? Why do you need self serve? Then why don't we just do reference architecture and then that that takes care of it. I mean that. Why is self serve, plus that reference architecture important is that the 60% it's like we've got 60% of our business, which is not B to B complex. We fuck up some of it because of reference, no reference architecture, so we could sell all of the self serve, but then we come with a billing implementation that for that type of customer just doesn't work. That's the story, right?

Speaker 2  21:54  
And, yeah, I agree. If you take the startups, most of the time, the startups now they want assisted implementation. Why they want assisted implementation? Because, a, they want to control the implementation. B, the cost, because they give you a sense, if you go full full out deployment is 200k if you go assisted implementation is probably 60k so the shoes of a customer, small company of 40, 5060, 70, million euros. When you say it's either 50k or 200k 200k is a big number, right? You go to a viva. You say 50k or 200k doesn't matter, right? So when you do 2.5 or 3 billion pounds, you don't care about the 50k now in this on the startup scale, and we have a lot of AI companies, as you know, growing like crazy. We don't have the right approach, nor the right tool, not the right flexibility. So to your point, the reference architecture or the predefined deployment is a must have if we want to accelerate with the SaaS, in particular in Europe, because they have small companies. Our SaaS business is not done of multi billion dollar companies. We do not

Speaker 1  23:11  
but, you know, there's good money, there is that there's good revenue, there is a lot

Speaker 2  23:14  
of good money. There is a lot of growing companies. But see, you know, we signed trust you know, I'm sure you know trusted shops. You know, trusted shops. Okay, it's our customer in Germany. We just renewed the contract for $800,000 sorry, 800,000 euros. But it was a big headache, because they are only a 250 million customer. Is interested of a well known brand in Europe? Yes, big time. Now they are only a 300 million, because they operate in Europe, the same process of the New West will probably, I don't know, probably do 2 billion. So I mean, to your point, I think the customer, which are big customer, well established in Europe, they do 300 million, 400 million, rare, only above a billion. And we are not serving them the way it should be. And this is EMEA in us, all the companies in the range of 200 million is not a focused market for us. I believe in us. We don't follow that much, right? The SaaS business we are trying to follow is a trillion by the way. I give you an example. Every time I'm asking for an AOC, I got 90% of the time the same answer, which is, I don't know engineering is hyper busy with Twilio. Yeah, but how can this be? I can we do a deal? Again, from my view, right? I can we do a deal which was probably a very good deal, and then for months or quarters out, our engineering is working for Twilio. I don't think this is a cost effective deal, to be honest. But, you know, but you know, I give you what was the last example where Zora was beyond a big deal in Europe, none. And I can name a few in us, Twilio is the last one. Is it a good deal for the company. I don't believe so, right? Because if everybody's working for quarters on Twilio, and then I will question, right? But, but your point? I think there is one thing, is B to B, SAS, yes, in Europe, but it's not huge, massive, multi billion dollar companies in Europe is multi, 100 of millions of revenue. So you take the US business, and you divide by 10. It's our size. So when a company does 3 billion in us, in the SaaS, you bring the same company in Europe, only 300 million, you divide by and you're close to reality.

Speaker 1  25:36  
But the quality of the you know your quality, I know you have to go the quality of the deal that you do, though, that is the European market. So my kind of summary is, the baseline is, you have to have a reference implementation, right? So that's, that's number one, that's like your that's like your calling card, yeah, we can get you up in four weeks. The other bit, the other bit is, well, we don't need to sell you CPQ now, or even light CPQ. We just need to give you self serve, all of that richness. But the sell I think you've got is you go and, by the way, when you grow you're going to need CPQ. That's typically where you get into trouble, right? That you have to start switching systems together, or when you get to a certain site. So just one, one last thing is the rip out of stripe, the same story as in the US. So, I mean, could a could a sauce, a smaller SARS business like you've described, just live on stripe and a patchwork of other systems? Or is there a cell that says, Listen, you come with us now at 50 mil or 100 million euros, or even, you know, below that, we'll get you up and live. We've got all the self serve. You can do all of your self serve implementation, but all this other stuff in the background, super powerful, AI, whatever that is, at some point you're going to need CPQ, maybe a little bit. Some point, you're going to get a bit more complex the sellers, you don't have to rip and replace at some point in your lifestyle. Is that a story in Europe, or could they just keep going with stripe? And the

Speaker 2  27:10  
story we need is, in fact, perceived as a monolithic company, yeah, and when what we need is to be basically a modular company on the customer journey, right? I'm not sure, because as we sell products, and not necessarily a vision or a journey into the monetization of subscription, or subscribers, whatever we can call it, I think customer sees us as going with one one platform does too many things, by the way I've heard recently, yeah, but your platform does too many things. I don't need all of that. I don't have exactly that. And by the way, is too is too heavy to deploy, because it does too much for what I need. So the perception for someone like which is a smaller company, they feel better with stripe, because it does not do so much, but it does what what we need, and it's more cost effective. But your specific question, I think the modular approach, you know, on the self serve is key, and we need also to change our image and to your point as well. The last one, which is, we need also to make it modular, even for implementation, right? And by the way, we create our own problem, because GS is behind us, and what do they want to sell a premium? Yeah, cool. So you go, yeah.

Speaker 1  28:26  
I mean that, that I saw that from day one. All right, so, okay, yeah, I really appreciate that. Paulo, no problem.

Speaker 2  28:33  
John, thank you for helping us and getting more visibility from Europe. I will, I will keep pushing it. But you know, again, we have Robbie, which is really understanding Europe, apart from Robbie, even, to be honest, Ken house money is doing a great job. Is coming regularly to Europe. Is very unique, right? To be frank, yeah, well, we're

Speaker 1  28:52  
trying to connect. That's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to make a European angle, but I have to package it in a story that Stephen Boone will like right? So everything we do down here for the Amir market also helps you up here. Doesn't hurt you up here, helps you up here. But we can do this. We can drive revenue globally without having to borrow or beg or steal from other places. I think you can have that story co exist. So that's what I'm trying to do. Okay?

Speaker 2  29:20  
Thank you. I know, but you know, I'm not surprised. And the voice of Boone, and, by the way, the voice of his predecessor, and even DJ, at the end of the day, what they know the most and what they like to engage, if you look at DJ, for example, is engaged only with the American customers, yeah. So, you know, so at the end of the day, teeny is engaged more with the American customers. So the world ecosystem of Exec is engaged with American customers. And I've been looking long for American companies. The weight of us will is big and will be big. Now in India, we have to defend the camp. I think people listen to me, but at the end of the day, product listens to the big animal. By the way, team, he was engaged, as you could imagine, on many big deals, and he committed Zuora to that, and then engineering says to me, I need an LCC Apollo, but we can't, so we all download it for the next six to 12 months. That's what I'm saying when I look from outside. I just say was that did very good, in fact, because everything else is dead, yeah,

Speaker 1  30:26  
listen that I kind of, I'm inside the camp now, so I'm trying to move how people think about the problem statement. So I hear you,

Speaker 2  30:34  
I mean, so moving to New York as well, you're potentially moving to New York.

Speaker 1  30:38  
Yeah, next year, maybe next maybe, maybe, maybe I just said yes.

Unknown Speaker  30:47  
Okay, I didn't, I didn't commit the question. I say yes,

Unknown Speaker  30:52  
yeah, that's what I said, Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:55  
All right, mate. I appreciate it. Thanks. Paulo, you Thank.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
